I used to play this game years ago and loved it. I found this did not work on my computer even though it said it would work with Windows 7.
The game itself worked great but the story line videos would never play, the sound was fine but the picture would freeze and go black every time.
I had to learn the hard way after ordering this for my MacBook Pro that this doesn't work unless you have MAC OS version 10.3 or less. I found that out after contact the Learning Company directly. They were very prompt in their response. However, I also have a laptop with Microsoft 7. This program loaded beautifully with the Microsoft base. So, if you have Microsoft 7 or 8, purchase and enjoy this game. Any mac systems will likely have issues.
The product description should state this clearly. The CD, the box, and the product description suggest that the game is compatible with all Macs. It is not.
I would recommend this learning game for anyone who likes learning about history
I really like playing this history game
Choose your career which sets your money for the trip.  Then name how many and who will be traveling with you.  Before you leave town, you must go into town  choose wagons or Conestoga, animals and many supplies -watch your cash and your wagon weight!  On your journey you can talk with different people to make decisions about your next moves.  You also get to hunt, fish, & gather..Be careful of disease & rivers!
Would like it more if they had at least updated it to run on the new software.  Had to download old fonts and old versions of software to get it to even run on my laptop
It took a few hours to get this up and running on Windows 8 computer and Windows XP.  If you get an error go and download their patch.

Just the patch alone worked like a charm on Windows XP.  For Windows 8 I download the patch AND had to change the compatibility to WIndows ME.

Classic game that the kids learn so much from...worth it.
I oredered this for a daughter who is now 33 and she wanted to play the Oregon Trail that we had years ago...she and her fmily have had a blast with it..we laughed a lot as she would holler and squeal as she played the game.........so it has met all our expectations..
Well I thought since this idem didn't have any reviews I would make on for it.

I got this game when I was somewhere around 8 1/2 Years old. I have played and beaten this game about 10 times. It's help kids learn about different types of plants which ones are safe to eat and which ones are deadly. You can geather, fish and hunt.

Graphics: The graphics are amazing very fine and sharp which doesn't happen with most games.

Sound: The sound if wonderful although it sometimes is a little slow, but other then that it's really good.

Pros: Help ppl learn about different plants, fish and wild game.
Is really fun to play and it never gets old.
Has really cool short movies that you can watch over and over again.

Cons: For some reason the rattle snakes always try to kill me.
Can sometimes be a little tricky but if you bye the right stuff you will be fine.
The disc got scratched up pretty easyly from just being in the Cd rom.

Overall it's a good game that is good for ages 6 and up.
I got this to show my kids what I used to play in school.  The graphics are significantly better than I remember.  It's still the same decision making, problem solving, luck of the draw game it always was.  It's a fun way to share 'history' with the kids.  I use it to encourage empathy as they can see relatively quickly how their decisions directly impact others for good or bad.
Works great!
I cannot get this game to install on my computer no matter what I do.
My kids were psyched to get this to go along with our studies and it doesn't work on our MAC...even though the description states MAC...gotta have an OLD MAC!  Now I have to pay the return shipping?  Not cool
You must buy this game!! It is so much fun! Get ready for the plague! LOL
Great game to play
LOVE THE GAME!!!!! GREAT SELLER!!!!!
Doesn't say.  But is not compatible with newer model Macs.  So have to do a big headaches worth of stuff to be able to even run it.  Then it freezes and sticks all the time.  Not happy at all
just what i was looking for
Bought as gift to replace older version. Believe it is being enjoyed.  I love the game and am very pleased each time I find the time to play it.
Game stops and has to be restarted often
Just like I remember from childhood. But. You need an old computer
Apparently this is a pared down version of the original, but I really enjoy playing it.  It works great on my desktop or laptop.  A fun and educational game!
very misleading.  does not work on my macbook pro.  what a waste.
Doesn't work on any computer in the house, tried Mac and windows.
I have been unable to make it work on windows 10.  It goes for about 5 minutes and then freezes.  HELP!
Miraculously works on my Windows 8.1. The nostalgia is real. A very boring game probably for modern kids, but for those that grew up playing the series, it's a fun and simple blast from the past.
Didn't work in my computer so it went to the garbage an hour after I got it!
Though this game is older, I absolutely love it.  My nephew who is only 7 years old and is a big "gamer" really loved this game.  He also learned a great deal which is why I bought it.  Loads of fun! Seller was fast in shipping product. Will buy from them again!
The version I played as a child was way more fun than this version. There's a bunch of small problems this game has that bring down the over all fun level of it. Waste of money, I won't be playing it anymore.
Best game ever. And it came so quickly!
We were hoping for something more like the original Oregon Trail.  This one did not cut it.
Does not work on Mac OSX. Save your money. Don't buy this game.
ok
Looove this old game.  The 3rd generation loves it and the older ones in the family still can't help but get involved.  It's history class!!  It's fun!!
My son got this for Christmas and we couldn't get this to work on any of our computers. Such a disappointment.
This item would not work on my Windows 8 computer. Waste of money.
What a bore! I love this game, but so far only the third edition. The only redeeming feature about this version is that I could play it using Windows 8. (Not that I'll be playing this version ever again. The original on floppy disk back in the '80's was more exciting than this version.) So here's hoping they come out with third edition for Windows 8.
I was sooooo excited to find this game!! And it worked great, until I tried to exit out of the game, and it froze my computer. For 2 days we have been working on the poor laptop. Still a black screen. Nothing.
Great way for kids to get excited about learning about the hardships the pioneers endured.
Good game. Good graphics. A bit of a learning curve. It arrived way before estimated time. High speed connection and newer gpu for best outcome.
If you buy this game, you will regret it.  If you change any major component in your computer 3 times, the game will stop working permanently. And it will never work again. So, if you plan to play this game a few years from now, you will not be able to do so.  Is this some horrible bug? No - this is intentional. It is a scheme to get people to buy the same game over and over again.  This should be illegal.  So, if you want to actually play games you buy, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!
This game is a bit hard to get the hang of, but when you do it's great.
seems like it would be an interesting game but on my computer the writing is really really small and almost impossible to read unless a person is about 4 inches from the screen and I sort of put the whole thing on the back burner for that reason
I played it a while but it was alright. The steam was a bit of trouble. The more they move these game to steam the more of a hard time I have activating and playing a game. But in spite of that it was fun, I liked it. Now I am looking forward to anno 2205 I really want to play my way to the moon.
great game very fun!!!!!
Great Game.  Although at first I could not get past the log in screen in the game.  I found a way by looking online, it was very hard to find though. So add this line to your systems host file - static3.cdn.ubi.com 87.248.207.150 - and it should connect.  Also be aware of uplay, they updated it once and the game wouldn't work.  There is a way around updates though just disconnect from the internet and start the game then when the log in screen comes up connect to the internet again and you should be good.  Hopefully, ubisoft doesn't read this and change the format cause I really love this game.
excellent service, good game.
I'm a big fan of ANNO games but this one got boring way too quick.
The game installed okay but in trying to link to registration, it has failed every time.  So I don't know if I like the game or not since I haven't been able to play it.
ok game.
found the game a bit too complicated, not what I expected after having played 1602, 1503, and 1701
Great game
I have 3 computer's and will not play on any of them, one with windows XP, one widows 7 and one windows 8.
great game, I love it and have played it since its arrived
Was not what I thought it would be.  Not very good flow.  Graphics old, played for a few hours a few times but just could not get into it.
This game is so fun! It does take getting use to all the controls and functions but once you learn you'll realize that the game isn't all that hard to learn to play.
When will I ever learn. So like others here, I install it, and can I just go ahead and play??? No, I have to first run some updater, OK, I do that, says I need to register on some website, I click cancel because I don't want to do that nonsense nor should I have to, so the game starts over again, says I need to update again, I do, just takes me back to the register online screen.

Really would like to review the game itself but unfortunately I cannot even play it. I know there are other Anno titles out there and was interested in them if this one was fun, but I won't be forced into registering online just to play a game I paid for.
i liked a lot some time that i haven't play a wonderfull game very simply and funny game verry good game.
Loove it
Works great!
The game would not load.  There was a file missing from the CD that would allow it to complete.
Play it! Enjoy it! I did.
So far this has been an amazing game, not that I have had a ton of time to play it.  Still so far amazing and wonderful.
I'm an avid gamer, but Anno 2070 is an INSULT to gaming.  It is so buggy and half-finished that the first campaign doesn't even work properly and the DRM is INCREDIBLY frustrating to deal with.

Once you manage to work your way past the massive amounts of bugs and get through the DRM, HOURS later you finally figure out that the game has no real tutorial, so you stuck just clicking around randomly.

Sad, sad, sad, example of a game that could have been great but FTW.
Meh, this game is more of an Open-Sandbox to build cities without a real clear objective. Multiplayer can be like "Starcraft" but more focused towards City objectives vs. actual fighting (though you can do that).

In campaign mode, the story-line is very condescending and degrading to the player. The Corporatist perspective is to treat you like trash, i.e. calling you names like "idiot! moron!, etc." vs. actually teaching you what you need to know in order to proceed to the next level. There was no real clear indicator regarding how to build or obtain a mission objective unless you have some previous city building experience.

$10 I got it for but damn, I regret it.

I can't comment multi-player so that's why I gave it 3 stars.
d
thanks
I picked this rating because, although this game is redundant in build, the scenarios do change. It is challenging in both multiplayer and single player. You get a world even every so often and only a limited time to do the event. You get mad experience points for it as well.

So if you like builder games that come with some serious challenges, unlike its predecessors, this game will keep you busy for hours and hours and hours. Once you start you keep pushing to get to that new level, that new tech, that new fleet of ships. Ubisoft did good by this one. Pick up a copy and if you want to play together? Just coment and we certainly can arrange that.
I bought this game thinking it would be pretty cool and that i might play it for a  week or two and be done.  Boy was I wrong! From the moment I finally got the gamed Fired up (the other commentors on this are right, it takes forever and u are forced to create an account) I watched as it booted up I could tell right off the bat that ALOT of thought went into making this game. If you have ever played Sim city, then this game is a must try as you will easily navigate thru it and its multi layers. I have been playing htis now for a month straight, and I am STILL discovering layers of complexity in the game. There are a few things in the game that could used tweaked, but all in all this is a 5 star game.
I have played the old anno 1701 AND 1503.  this game looks great but is more complex than the previous versions of the game. I found a lot of things lacking such as the sources of power and an inability to store energy with batteries or regenertive fuel cells as buildings in the game need power. Trade is about the same. My main beef with this it requires an internet connection. Other than that it has wonderful artistry and graphics. It is the same as anno 1701 but set in a future world where global warmming as flood the land and resource scarcity has sent human kind to look to the deep ocean for valuable minerals. I recoment the deep ocean expansion or complete if you get this. I found the ai instructor a little corny but other than that the game has some real polish. I wrote my 2 cents worth on suggestions on anno 2070 wiki and you can read 3 pages on that for game ideas I had.
I got this game on Amazon because it had a very good price, but upon receiving it i downloaded the game, but it would not run. It said it needed updates but the auto updater would not work. I was able to get a full refund very quickly and I am happy about that but very disappointed that the game i had anticipated so long would not run.
Game can be fun, challengeign, and everything on the box, but its not easy to learn, not even with the manual(which is online)
This is a very fun game single player is difficult but the multiplayer makes you feel like you lived a sheltered life.  It reminds me of first generation Sim City with awesome graphics.
I liked it and had fun with it, played for a while and got my money's worth.  You can certainly go further than I did but I got frustrated with the fact that here we are in this new start and still taking from the earth rather than living with it. Better than simcity in that respect and maybe the best we could hope for.
This is the best RTS game thats come out for a while. Solid game that keeps you interested and having fun that said its a Citysim type which won't appeal to everyone.
This game is not for everyone.  If you only enjoy constant fast paced FPS games, this is probably not for you.  But, if you've dabbled in Empire Earth, AOE, Age of Mythology, and enjoy these economy based warfare games, definitely give ANNO 2070 a shot.

There is a learning curve, particularly if you are a newcomer to the series.  Essentially, this game is about meeting the needs (food, drink, belongings, entertainment, community, etc.) of your citizens, which become increasingly demanding as they rise from the ranks of common workman to something equivalent of CEO.  With their progression brings higher taxes income, yielding a stronger economy capable of building and supporting an impressive military.  Warfare is not necessarily the focus, or even the majority of the fun, in this game, but it still gives the option for ship, submarine, and aerial combat, with several units of each type available.  You can even go nuclear.  It's pretty sweet.

There are three "races" of people.  It's a bit like Starcraft in that they can each build their own units, and have their own specific needs.  The first group is the ECOS - they are the liberal hippy tree huggers who care only about thee environment, and turn unhappy if the ecobalance becomes too polluted.  The 2nd group, the TYCOONS, are the seal clubbin' oil drillin' conservatives who care only about making money no matter the cost.  Finally, you have the TECHS, a faction only concerned with technological research.  The TECHS are featured moreso in the expansion (ANNO 2070: Deep Ocean), but are still important for development of ECO and TYCOON needs as they advance.  I highly recommend the expansion if you play this and find you like it - it adds so many new ways to develop your cities.

I love this game.  I've always been a fan of city builders, but this one (like ANNO 1404) has really drawn me in.  I've put in weeks worth of hours on it and am still playing.  The campaign missions are fun, but the real joy lies in a continuous game.  Once you are comfortable playing, you can spend literally hours on a hard continuous game with 3 AI players, a pirate base, and a warship hellbent on your destruction.  It is still a challenge even after playing for over a year.  I think a lot of what makes it fun is that no two games are ever played the same way.  There are different ways to power your city, different upgrades to utilize, different ways to destroy your opponents.

A quick note about DRM: It sucks that this game must be played with a constant internet connection.  There is a multi-player faction, but honestly I've never even tried it.  Single player is what I enjoy, and there's no reason to be online for that.  Still, I give it five stars, because the game itself warrants it IMO.
Well, I read some ratings before i purchased this game. I watched video on youtube, and  figured I could figure out how to play. Well, I could  not. And as the other reviews state...there are no instructions inclueded.
It was a lot of fun at first but after a few days it quickly got repetitive and really unsatisfying. There isn't much gratification in playing this game. I haven't touched it for months now. No real incentive to replay.
I finally broke down and bought this game.  I have played all of the other titles in the Anno series so I was reasonably confident I would like this installment.

I did, but...

First off: no CD-KEY printed on the manual cover (a .pdf file to boot).  I spent the next 3 days exchanging emails with Ubisoft to get one.  This entailed screen caps of receipts, manual covers and proof of a real CD (they were very helpful).  Ok, Now I can play... NOT!  Every time it loaded, it Crashed To Desktop (CTD).

Ok, so now I have spent another day looking up info on the web about that.  I had to lower my computer resolution to 800x600 AND change some of the graphics settings to low AND had to turn off stuff in the uPlay settings.

Ok, finally got a profile setup (and you only get 1).  Now, I get to play... NOT!  Every time I accept a side mission it CTD's and I have to kill the proses just to exit the game.

I can put up with a lot of stuff if the game runs, but I cannot deal with having to save before every quest, mouse over on the info tabs, etc just in case my game crashes.  Hell, I cannot even play single missions without it crashing.  I was hoping the expansion would help stabilize it, but I have decided to send them both back.

I was willing to put up with uPlay, even if the DRM sucks.  What do you mean I can't change my hardware?  Ok, I have a laptop and thought that would be ok.  Till I found out that 3 is the limit.  I do plan to get several new computers over the next decade.

I really wanted to play a more modern feeling Anno.  From what I have played, its a fantastic game, but...

At least I still have 1404 Gold.
This is a great real-time supply chain management game.  However, the play is novel and there is a steep learning curve.  Some reviewers have criticized the campaign for being too restrictive.  That is not a fair criticism.  The first 3/4 of the campaign is basically a tutorial.  The campaign holds your hand from objective to objective so that you can get a feel for how to succeed.

This game really eats up time.  1 hour is about the minimum amount you would want to spend per session.

If you like tinkering and optimizing and losing yourself in a complicated game, then you might really enjoy Anno 2070.

I think this game should really appeal to people with an inclination to programming who like developing and optimizing algorithms.
I love the Anno Series from the first one to this one, but holy crap that whole Uplay login process is ridicules.
I mean what happened to just playing a game on you computer separate from the internet.

other than that this is a great time waster, the hours fly by

some of the newer ways of this game are confusing for even long time anno players.

Anyway I do kind of miss the old school 15th century style

Anyway I would really only recommend this for Anno allums that have to have an Anno fix.
A bit of a snoore-fest. I played it for a few hours but felt like I was back in kindergarten.

Perhaps I didn't give it enough of a chance, but when I have nearly nil motivation to keep playing it, I just cant waste the time on this title that it may need or deserve in order to want to keep going.
The DRM is atrocious.  No one should buy a game with such a cynical and invasive wrapper.

The game itself seems solid.  The interface is extremely cluttered; their UI/UX designers didn't do nearly as good of a job as they did with previous Annos.  If hell freezes over and Ubisoft decides to buck the AAA trend of putting their games in garish, grotesque cages, I'll be first in line for the DRM-free rerelease.
too much work to set up and play requires internet to play and too many items to set to play.
I cant stop playing my wife is going to through it out soon. It was worth the money to buy it.
Great game. Very complex and can get hard to handle with larger cities but i like the challenge. Interesting missions
Awesome game, but all the DRM issues really have made some issues with the game. You have to have it attached to a uplay account in order to even play the game... so, similar to Diablo 3 you're forced to have internet access in order to launch the game, even if you want to play single player.

At one point I've also had an issue come up that said the game was "incompatible with my current OS"... if you run into the same problem, launch the game as Administrator and it will work fine. Also... THE GAME CODE WILL NOT ACTIVATE ON STEAM. I got this on amazon to try it out and if I didn't like it I wanted to sell it, but having it required to attach to your uplay account basically didn't allow me to do that. So I'm stuck with a game with insane costs for any DLC...

If you like sim city style games, I'd pick this one up... but wait for a steam sale and get it through there so that the dlc's are also at a reasonable cost as well.
4 Stars because they like it and play it often enough so don't feel like money is wasted. I got them one each so they can multiplay with each other.
Definitely one of the best products UbiSoft has released.  The game is very similar in its interface to its predecessor: Anno 1404 but its story line and the scope of the game is far more developed.  The player is able to vote in world council initiatives that directly affect in-game play as well as participate in random missions that earn the player career points enhancing the player's game play.
I have been unable to play this game.  Unisoft has made it unplayable if you are not a techno whiz. ( I have tried several times to get it up and running.)  I just want to play in my home not on the internet and for some reason it will not load on the computer.  I probably will never buy another UNI-SOFT game or product.

.
I've bought and played ALL of the ANNO games since 1602, and spent more hours than I can even count building massive empires with extremely complex trade routes. I was thrilled to see another installment released, but I absolutely will NOT pay for something that limits my hardware changes and installs.

Wake up UBI, look at all of your other software title reviews, both here on Amazon and on gaming sites. People are not as stupid as you think, and will simply find a different game to fill their time with and throw their money at if their freedoms are inhibited by your software.

By adding DRM you've actually promoted the use of piracy instead of reduced it, because those that really do want to play it will find a way.
Loved playing Dirt 2 and I thought the graphics were good.  Purchased Dirt 3 as an addition to the other...and the graphics are absolutely "Gorgeous"  If you liked Dirt or Dirt 2...you are going to love Dirt 3.  The game was easier to configure with my Logitech wireless rumblepad...and with my EVGA GTX 580, and all detail set to full on graphics at 1920 x 1080 I get over 100 fps.  The game looks good, plays well and is a blast!
This might be a decent game if it didn't start a massive stutter every few minutes that requires alt tabbing to get out of. This is a widely known issue and I have tried numerous suggested fixes to no avail. I have never had an unfixable issue like this with a game before. If I could return it for my money back I would.
I've been playing Dirt2 on PC a year now and crossed over to D3 almost a month and it looks soo good! I recommend using DX11 video card to see all the great detail in the game! I'm using a MS/PC Xbox controller ($45.) for now and I like the game enough that I'm going to buy a really good Driving Wheel and pedals! Maybe Logitech G27 or? This is really a fun game you must buy! Time to Race!!
The game hangs after the Dirt 3 logo comes up so I couldn't tell you how the game is.  I couldn't find any solutions on Codemaster's forum that actually worked for me either.

Codemasters also got hacked so I can't register to ask questions on their forum.  At least the game was free when I bought a particular video card.

Edit:

I finally got the game to run after I deleted some sound driver called Rapture 3d that the game automatically installs.  I ran a race and the game worked well with my Fanatec wheel.  I left the game and came back later and none of my controller settings were saved so as I started a race I suddenly had to use the keyboard.  I fixed the controller settings again and then I had no force feedback in the wheel.

When the game works it's great.  I've got the graphics completely maxed out and they look nice.  The surround sound is nice as well.

System specs:

AMD Phenom II X6 1100T
2X Radeon 6870 1GB in Crossfire mode
16GB DDR3 1300 Ram
HT Omega Striker sound card
I'm not quite finished with the game's DiRT Tour mode, but I believe I've experienced the bulk of what the game has to offer.  And I'm happy to say that the game is indeed awesome.  Great cars, great tracks and racing modes, excellent gameplay and graphics.  The highlight has been racing in the snow on various tracks in Aspen.  There are also some really cool obstacle courses on pavement, which are new to the series.

At first, I felt that the game was plagued with the same difficulty spike DiRT 2 had, where you can win any race without trying on casual difficulty, then lose big time on medium.  Then I found the custom difficulty settings where you can choose from 5 levels of challenge, then pick and choose from all the other assists and handling options.  Basically, you can let the game play itself by just holding the throttle and steering, or take gradual steps to reach what you feel works best for you.  Love this feature!  Sadly, there is no option to increase the 360 controller's dead zone or adjust the sensitivity.  I'm doing ok as is, but some tweaking would be ideal.

Much like the previous two games, the handling is a bit flighty.  But that's speeding on loose ground for you.  Still, I feel things have tightened up somewhat since DiRT 2.  Still no cigar, but it's a step forward.  The game runs as smooth as silk on my 560ti wih all the settings maxed.  No issues whatsoever.  If you enjoy racing games, this is not one you should ignore.  It's the best DiRT so far.
lot of people don't like RALLY because they already tried gran turismo game. to tell you the truth gran turismo RALLY physic is just boring boring boring. gran turismo only good for racing simulation but RALLY part is suck!!!!  dirt 2 amazed me how much fun it was and now dirt 3 with 3 time more race tracks than dirt 2.  MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!!
I had Dirt 2 on Xbox 360 and it was an okay game. I started playing games on my laptop and bought a few new games to build my collection. This game is very fun to play. It is so much better than Dirt 2. If you like racing games you should check this out. The graphics are perfect on my compter.
This is a must have for any gamer. Codemasters really hit a home run on this one. I would like to see F1 2011 be this good using the ego engine 2.0 and the physics model in this game is right on the money. This game is the reason everyone should buy the best graphics card they can afford. I am using a nvidia 460 overclocked, and I have on order a 590. I want to run this game with everything on highest level. I swear to you that even with the 460 + , the graphics are very realistic and I really enjoy racing at ground level. This game makes Codemasters the king of graphics realism. BUY THIS GAME !!!!!

December 6, 2011  I saw my review of the Internet and wanted to update it for you. First of all anyone with this program, BUY the extra environments and cars. It is money well spent and a first class job of an addon. I wanted everyone to know that this program is still the top of the heap in graphics. I bought Battlefield 3 and it is good, but not the standard of the ego 2 engine. Codemasters are the king of graphics so far and I find that the more realism a game has, the more adicted you will become. No other program running with all variables to the max, looks like Dirt 3. Thank God for codemasters and I can hardly wait for GRID 2 in the summer.
the game is amazing period. I created this review to counter the bad reviews given to the game by others.
I'm sure I would love the game, if I could play it, I have loved all the Hitman games thus far.  The one star is due to steam.  Steam is absolutely beyond annoying and they do NOT help you if you ask them.  I found out after I purchased it that windows xp does not support direct X-10.  I do have a high end video card but it doesn't make a difference.  I recommend that no one purchase any games or other items that require steam.  Perhaps then they will fix all the problems or go out of business (my favorite option).  I am very good with computers (built mine) so that is not the problem.  As always it's a steam issue.
Got it on sale here on amazon and the game is totally worth the money. Graphics are great, gameplay is great and the story is pretty good. I would recommend this to my friends.
Update June 2013:
Deeply disappointed at the lack of a non-linear open-world environment. But its the restrictive QTE gameplay and final-kill cut-scenes that kill the game for me. I loath enforced QTE. When a mission goes awry and you're trying to escape a hail of bullets, if you happen to brush past an assailant you can't escape QTE mode. Meanwhile you're being shot at from all sides. It just lacks the sense of freedom that Blood Money had, and it takes you out of the whole gaming experience placing you instead into a second-rate interactive movie.

As a loyal fan of the Hitman franchise, I waited years for this. I would have loved if they had added driving into the game in order to rival Saints Row or the GTA series etc. What they did add took away from the game. For instance they should have kept the semi-open-worlds of Blood Money and build-on those beautiful sets, maps and locations.

I would have loved if Hitman had been as open as Skyrim. Overall Dishonored's gameplay is a far superior hitman style gaming experience. But I wish they had had Bioshock Infinite's breathtaking visuals in that particular game.

==================================================================

Wow after all these years waiting-- this is it.....?!!!

I am still a huge fan of Blood Money. The fact that you can now play it again online for free is a huge plus! To play, all you have to do is watch a 30-second ad on mute and you get sufficient time to play a level. Who can complain about that? But this, what took them so long to produce a bad cousin of Metal Gear Solid?!

Intuition....? STOP! STOP! STOP Please let me use my own intuition! And what is it with the game constantly talking to you like you're an idiot? All this serves to do is kill any the sense of atmosphere, tension and suspense!

You want to know how bad this game is....? They use cut scenes for the final kill, thus killing any sense of pay off! And you can't even skip through the intro level! Hello? This was a cult game... So lots of people know how to play it and don't need this hand holding to be mandatory!

The graphics too are little improvement over Blood Money, and are definitely a let down compared to the current generation of games. There is less of a non-linear feel about this version also. Now you're not quite tied to a string as you walk through levels, but its sub par compared with the freedom of its predecessor IMHO.

Such a shame, such a shame. But good for me as I embark on a career in Video Game Design. It gives me confidence that I might have something better to bring to the table.
I will open with the Pros:
Replayability - It's Hitman. What did you expect? You can go back and replay missions over and over to try for a cleaner, quicker kill or just fly right through it in a weekend like I did.
Length of game - Do not listen to reviews such as Xbox Official Magazine saying it is a lengthy game. I finished it in one weekend. Friday night, Sat and Sunday. I would estimate around 10-12 hours solid play. BUT..If you go back and replay the missions for a better score, then it can drag out much further. But like I said, to play through and complete the tasks, it is not a long game.
Story - Not bad at all. A few plot holes made me scratch my head but not bad.
Overall Graphics - Better than the old Hitman games but nothing at all like cut scenes. Don't confuse cut scenes in the trailers as gameplay.
Character dev - Although they give you a little info on specific targets, it didn't seem worth the effort to look any deeper into their back story. I just went forth on a killing spree. You point me in that direction? Here I go. There's no option to ever take a person into custody and question them. You kill anyone who you are pointed at.
Hand to hand - They kept it simple. between space bar, "Q, W or E" were your controls to hit when it told you to hit that key. It wasn't hard to do hand to hand. It wasn't 100% awesome like Batman but it was pretty good.
Cons:
OMG why did all the people in close-up cut scenes talk with all their teeth showing? It really got annoying. I have never in my life met a person who talks like that. Also, the timing of the voice acting was bad. Serious delays in dialogue had me thinking the conversation was over then it started up again. So, voice acting wasn't bad, but developers did a poor job clipping it.
Graphics - In regards to clipping, I would sometimes get blocked by phantom walls while sneaking up steps. I had to walk back and forth until it let me pass. Also, it would say there was a key point right in front of me (blinking sonar circles) and there was nothing there. No desk, nothing to pick up and it was floating in the air. More developer issues.
(Minor Spoiler) Don't read if you can't take hints.
Sheer ease of killing other professional hitmen was a let down. I couldn't believe how easy it was to kill hired professionals.

Professional Edition: Do not waste your money. I got some weapons you can't even use in the game. It gives you the loadout at the begining and the weapons around the map are all based off that part of the game. No point in having access to the additional weapons.
Sniper challenge is ONE challenge. I beat it hands down and it never took me to a new challenge. It just lets you do the same challenge over and over.
All in all, it's a good game discounted at 1/2 price or lower. Don't waste your $ on the Pro Edition.
i like bf games and this works with my wireless xbox 360 controller ( i don't have a xbox i use it for pc games)
Very good product.
nice game, nice graphics
The game was OK to play but a pain in the butt to get registered. You cant play until you register. If you like Dirt 2 like I did don't bother with this game, you will be disappointed.
+ Great driving physics.
- Weak DLC that should come for free.
Is it the most accurate racing sim? Probably not, but it is sure fun and the graphics are great.
Fun Game
BEST auto racing game EVER!!!!!
It's a competant raceing game, most of the rally couses are a bit tame compared to WRC 4.  My only real complaint was that without the dlc, which for some reason I was unable to access, car selection is a bit sparse.
Awesome Game!  Awesome fast service from Amazon.  DVD was here exactly when they said, what more can you ask for...?

Thank you!
Good game
This installment introduces some unusual elements to the series -- mainly the "instinct" gauge, which lets you look through walls and avoid raising suspicions, but I sort of miss the older approach where keeping your distance and hiding your face did the trick. (Plus you have to refill said gauge by disabling or killing enemies to be able to use it once it runs out). The visuals are vastly improved from Blood Money of course, and I appreciate their allowing me to play with my gamepad.

Some have criticized the fact that this game has "too much story" in it. I may be biased (even if I play an anti-hero, I like him having some motivation to pursue a course of action), but I didn't feel that the story took anything away from the gameplay.
Love games.  Came promptly and in good condition thank you
It's not exactly like previous Hitman games, but it is still true enough to the series and fun in its own right to be a good game. Not great, but worth the sale price. SCORE: 80/100.

Graphics are like most Squeenix games are now: amazing (Tomb Raider, Hitman Absolution, Deus Ex, Sleeping Dogs - they nail it HARD). Played on ULTRA at 1600p and it's a beast. It taxes the ASUS 290x even more than Tomb Raider, but I don't think it looks any better, so maybe not optimized as well. Regardless, stunning.

It is a bit more closed-in and linear but not linear in the way a platformer is or anything. Still multiple ways to solve objectives.

They have already said the next one will be true to form. Update this already beautiful engine, make it open world, and bam, perfect Hitman.
its a game you can play over and over again many different ways. very well done. thank you . wes
Has an interesting story, good graphics and what I feel are good gameplay mechanics.
Lots of variety and freedom to complete missions the way you choose.
Fun game.  Not quite as good as the previous in the series, but still worth a discounted price for single player play
This game requires that you open an online account to play the game. A constant online source is required. Gave the game away.
Love this game, it is so gooooooooood

HITMAN ABSOLUTION is a must play if you love the hitman series !
This game is very very fun. It's what you want in a 3rd person stealth/shooter. That said, it doesn't feel at all like a Hitman game. If you're looking for a worthy successor to Blood Money, I wouldn't recommend it. If you're looking for an addicting Splinter Cell-type shooter with some stealth elements, lots of gore, cool guns, and great graphics, give this game a try. You won't be disappointed.
I bought this and the key didn't work.  It was a gift, and the recipient wasn't able to solve the problem.  It might have been a good game, but I never found out because the key failed.
1st shipment received a book instead of the game.
2nd shipment got a FAKE one. Game arrived with a wrong key inside on sealed box. I got in contact with codemasters and send them pictures of the DVD and the content. They said nothing they can do its a fake DVD.

Returned it good bye.!
I bought this and Shift 2. Neither will run on a i5 Dell Inspiron E6420 Windows 7 Pro!? Wasted hours trying to install. I build computers and install networks, let that be a clue. Garbage when complete installation instructions are NOT included. I purchased these for my grand kids. Nothing is said about having to create an full disclosure account. Sorry, my kids privacy is more important. These go back to Amazon
Unplayable at this time, hopefully steam will pick this game up for the online functionality.

Cannot save game without the online verification which is impossible at this time.  Frustrating, yet the game play seems fun.
Don't like Windows live feature , I am not able to save the level I reach in the game, every time I play have to start new game
I still haven't figured this one out. Did everything as instructed but the game never installed. Strange. Since I don't like to rate on something I couldn't get to work, I'll just say that I didn't like it because I couldn't get it to work :P For those that did manage to get it installed, I'm sure it's a great game. I had the first Dirt and it was a scream! Too bad this one bombed. Maybe a bad disc...
This game is full of extra DLC'S to buy.
I really enjoyed dirt 2 and just wanted to keep playing .
This game is expensive. I already payed for it. Stop telling me that I have to freaking buy more stuff.
i ran it and had to fix 2 dills. then when it did run it crashed in the developer credits
DO NOT BUY THIS.
Dirt 3 on DVD
i collect racing games so had to add this to my collection
Son wated one also
I was in punchdrunk love with the concept of DIRT. I loved the dirt tracks and the specialty racing vehicles and chopped up pickup trucks. I was deliriously giddy with racing garbage trucks in the desert! I H+A+T+E THE STIFF PRECISION LEVEL AND SKILL REQUIRED OF GYMKANA and racing on blacktop! This game is the stupidest ripoff ever foisted on a trusting consuming public. I even hate the dirt sections in this pathetic lame hurting loser. Go someplace far away.
DiRT 2 was like this.  I'm becoming more & more suspicious of games like this that require a continuous open Internet to play.  It just seems like bait set out for some young naive prey to fall for.  Does anyone honestly believe that personal information is collected for no particular reason?  I don't care what they say publicly.  Any assurances of privacy protection are quite hollow without close oversight, and nobody's looking.  It's quite a different thing to knowingly step out into a multiplayer server where you know you're being tracked, but this type of continuous spying is something more.  That aside, this carrot on a stick has more problems than just security.

CONS - Requires open Internet (Windows Live) to play.  Annoying interface.  Continuous reminders to upload and download things you already selected not to do.  Most settings don't keep between sessions.  Setting up a race takes way too long.  Irritating "music" you can't turn off (it keeps coming back).  Takes too long to unlock things.  Entire career mode is pointless when the game setup is so irritating I just wanted out.  Video stuttering (possibly my equipment).

PROS - Eye candy.  Plenty of game modes.  Enough tracks to get going.  Fairly good variety of cars.  Scaled difficulty levels from casual to advanced.

I think this franchise, like many others, continues soley for the purpose of farming user information; where it seems the real money is.  If I can't turn it off, and some else controls the on-off switch, that's a problem.  Sometimes it might be worth it, but not here.  I found some entertainment value, but very briefly.  Anyway,  just my opinion...
So much fun, so little time. Runs great on Win8, unlike sooooo many of the other great racing games. When buying Dirt3 be sure NOT to buy off steam or you miss out on all the extras from the complete edition on DVD. (You can get the extras on steam, but it costs more).
I bought this game for my husband about 2 years ago. He likes it because the graphics and the control is very realistic.
I loved Dirt 2 and was like a Coke fiend with a couple of 8 balls when I purchased Dirt 3, the game has much more polished look and the tracks are more challenging. The snow driving is pretty realistic due to my own experience of hitting the ditch myself while living in WI. But if you loved the soundtrack on Dirt 2, you will hate the Dirt 3, I turned the music off. The Gymkhana portion of the game needs to be deleted, worst part of the game. It's fun and worth a buy, but I still prefer Dirt 2.
DVD came from England so took a bit long to arrive but as was described. Had a bit of an issue with not being able to access Windows Live account, but after a few re-installs and 2 repair installs finally got it to work. Great follow up to Dirt 2.
This game was a rip-off.  It has less terrain, less tracks, and less features than DiRT 2.  The graphics are about the same.  Not worth the money, at all.
The game itself is great, but Games for Windows Live is such a frustrating piece of garbage.  I wish it would just die and stop bringing down my PC gaming experience.
I insert the cd into my pc and I have being waiting  35 minute and it only install about 25%
If you like rally cars get this game you will have fun.
It is more oriented to "European market" since here in America there isn't a huge rally fan party. Music it is very European and even the voices from the game very "English" accent.
The multiplayer isn't the best but it works just ok.
This really is a step up from Dirt 2. Better graphics, cars seem a little more responsive. Overall it was worth almost the money, but of course, I wait till the games are "old hat" and buy them cheaper.

The really bad thing is having to buy tracks and cars. Nope, I'm never going to do that and I think it is a crappy deal, but that's life. If I had known about the lack of tracks and cars, I would have passed. There's no real reason to finish the game, as it's just more of the same without paying a bunch of money to get all the "extras", that should have been in the game to begin with.
I haven't finished it but if you like racing game you will like this one. Lot's of fun,good graphic. You will have hour's of fun and be looking for the next one to come out!
It works as advertised.
No issues or problems.
The product was received as expected.
The product worked as expected.
Excellent product.
Well done.
I first owned this game on XBox then PS3 and was extremely impressed with the fun factor. The realism isn't all there however. The issues I have are Group B is horribly slow and weak. Playing the game with a sim wheel is impossible because of the preschool degrees of steering. So I thought I'd buy the PC version

 As for the PC version, I can't even get it to play. My pc is more than capable of running this it just has an error every-time.

For someone with any interest in rally I suggest Richard Burns Rally. Its so good it has me actually doing real rallys in real life.
I don't do multiplayer games, just single player against the artificial racers.  I like the realism and interaction with other cars.  I'm not used to the Xbox 360 keypad-- I wish my old Microsoft Force Feedback joystick worked with this game, but no such luck.  Also, there is too wide a gap in skill level between beginner and intermediate modes.  Unless I buy another controller, I can't do much in the tour.
This game doesn't come close to the fun of Need for Speed: Most Wanted, but it uses the full capability of my laptop video card and Windows 7 64bit.
I wish I had read the forums before purchasing this game.  I bought the DVD version because I didn't want to deal with downloading on slow internet, but I see similar issues reported on steam forums.  I buy games on Amazon or Steam because I don't want to deal with the hassle of pirating.  I thought it wouldn't be worth the time, but this game makes me have second thoughts.  This game was not worth the time, and I've yet to be able to actually play a full race.

It took two evenings from when I got home from work until after midnight just to get this game installed.  I wanted to try playing video games, so I bought a computer and some games.  The installation takes hours, crashed my computer multiple times, required many dependencies (like "MS games for windows live") that must be installed separately.  The only way to find out you need this other software is to search the forums... If you don't have some dependency, after an hour of waiting the install finishes but the game doesn't start.  I even had to edit XML configuration files to get the program to start at all.

The game can't be played unless I am *both* logged into xbox live *and* have the DVD in the drive.  I find that DVD's scratch easily, I consider them transfer media not a reliable way to store data.  Since they already have the DRM of a mandatory windows-live service, I don't see why they would cripple the game even further with the disk requirement.  For this reason, if you ignore my advice, at least get the downloadable version.  I'll probably copy the dvd image to disk as an iso with CloneDrive, but it's an extra 7gb of data that has already been installed on my hard disk for a game that... can't be played anyway.

Once I finally ironed out the installation issues, and was actually able to get the game started, 2 minutes into each attempt at a car race the entire computer would crash.  Black screen, unresponsive, numlock doesn't even change the lights on my keyboard, needing a hard-reboot.

I know some will assume I just don't know how to install software, or that I have an old computer, or that I have viruses.  I'm a software engineer with over a decade of software development experience.  All of the other games I bought on Amazon or Steam worked fine (including one other that also required the windows live service).  My computer is two weeks old and fast, i5, 8gb of ram, a discrete graphics card, nearly brand new.  Even if this was a resource issue, the game shouldn't consistently crash my entire computer to the point of needing a hard reboot.  The price for the game isn't high, but don't waste your *time* on the PC version of this game.

If you're a young kid and you've got all of your summer vacation to play around with figuring out installation issues, maybe this will be a good learning experience for you.  If you have a job, and just want something fun to to do once in a while on a PC, look elsewhere.
Too hard.  Takes 50 trys to pass level on highest difficulty.  Not fun.  Times and scores are impossible to achieve.
Overall this is a well done racing game, with very good graphics for its time period. My family has has enjoyed playing it a great deal. I personally think a steering wheel controller is almost a necessity for this game, but an x box type controller would probably work. The keyboard would be almost impossible, and not very fun. The "windows live" system detracts greatly, since you must log in and be online to play or save game progress. There was a mees up with my "Live" log in and the game would no longer accept my activation code and I had to rebuy the game if I wanted to play. There is no customer support at all. Dirt 2 suffers from this serious flaw as well. 4 1/2 star game 1 star Windows Live feature.
Crashed in Vista.  Codemasters told me they don't support it in Windows 8.  Couldn't get it to work even after looking on the Internet.
Super fun game, graphics are fantastic! To play at highest settings including 4x anti-aliasing,(at playable frame-rate of 30+)  I would recommend: Minimum Specs- i3 & gtx 650 ti (2gb).
Yeah, well, the interface on D2 is way more immersive, but D3 gives you many more and way cooler cars. The problem is you gotta pay for some of them. Now that ain't right. Anyway, this is a furiouse game with lots of eye candy and exciting race action (wow, I sound like a commercial.) You don't want to skip buying the xtra cars cuz they're way fine, but jeez man, that's more moola. So the camera work is still weak. Like why can't the playback just playback a good TV view. You miss a lot of action cuz you're getting a close up of a wheel spinning -- big deal (same with the playback on D2.) I'd buy it if I were you, but then there's no one like you... Right?
Perfect for me. I used to do a lot of sim racing but it has been a while. This thing lets me gradually shed assisted driving. Easy to tune for good challenges, new skills and constant fun. I might even put another DVD drive into my computer so DiRt3 is always ready to go.
I particularly like the stadium trucks.  Fun game.  My wife likes it too.  I use a 28 dollar steering wheel and pedal set.
I have been a fan of Dirt 3 ever since Dirt 2; (my fav). In Dirt 2 I have 100% of the game completed & on level 73. I plan to do the same with the 3rd game. Racing in snow is interesting. the ONLY thing I'll miss in Dirt 3 is my favorite car from Dirt 2; the Nissan 350z
This is a wonderful game.  The best game out there for rally and off road style racing.  Would be 5 stars if the single player campaign lasted longer without having to purchase a download, but still a fun experience.
Amazing graphics, Always better with a Wheel & pedals!

Did not like the MSN connection option or the comparisons

between other fictious drivers
I really enjoyed the Dirt series of racing games.  I actually started with the Colin McRae Rally 3 demo, which came before Dirt.  Dirt 1 was a nice game with lots of different types of races in varied environments, including Pike's Peak.  You got to race semi trucks, cargo trucks, trophy trucks, SUVs, and rally cars in Dirt 1.  The advancement was like a pyramid, unlocking levels as you go. I have a Toyota Tundra, so it is easy to like a game that has a Toyota Tundra to race in it.  Dirt 2 made it more radical with nice music and an attitude.  The races were longer and became more X-Games like. I enjoyed the Baja races very much. But, I did not like the Microsoft Live part of it where it takes a long time to get initiated, patched, etc before you can actually play for the first time. Once you get past this, things get better. The choice of vehicles were more limited, but the liveries try to make up for it. Dirt 3 keeps the same attitude and cool music, but also has the same Microsoft Live treatment: sign in, patch , etc. before the first game time.  Once you get past this, it does get better.  At first, I could not get used to the way the game downshifts automatically in the turns to automatically slow you down.  I moved the difficulty up a notch to intermediate and it was much better and more of what I was expecting.  I use a gamepad to play on the PC.  I was pleasantly surprised that my 9800 GTX 512 MB plays this game rather well at 1680x1050 (no AA).  The races are largely rally with some interesting winter-time truck races in the snow.  The cars are not quite as varied as I would like.  I also hate that there is in-game content that can be purchased additionally from Microsoft Live.  Come on! I already paid for the game and there are some levels that are pay to play, so you won't really finish the season until you pony up more funds to Microsoft Live.  Many of the cars are available to purchase too.  That is cheesy and not appreciated.  You don't need to purchase these to advance though.  The gymkhana events are interesting and challenging. Being a hoonigan takes practice, patience, and many banged up cars. The Ken Block videos on youtube really inspired me to practice as I had no idea what gymkhana was before Dirt 3.  I do miss the Baja style of offroading from Dirt 2.  Dirt 3 seems to have a focus on other things, but it is still fun overall. For $12, I got my money's worth.  Maybe I will get Dirt Showdown for some demolition derby excitement, or maybe not.
I Had been looking forward to this game for a long time. I own all the previous versions and all still are good games. I was somewhat disappointed in this version. I expected allot better game play and graphics. The game play is somewhat boring compared to previous versions as well as the graphics. DIRT 2's graphics are much better as far as detail in the particles such as dust and rocks during game play.
I can't tell you what a piece of dog**** this game is. Like everything else Microsoft makes- it doesn't work. When are they going to take a cue from Apple and make things that actually work the first time and every time. To log onto this game they make you jump through a series of hoops that takes like 15 min. to accomplish. If you want another disappointment from Microsoft, buy some "Games for Windows Live" games.  I just wanted a simple arcade like driving game when I have a young boy visiting. If that's what you want, don't buy this. If you want to hire a consultant to help you run this game, then buy it.  oh, one more thing, every time I do get this game to play my joystick stops working (there's Windows 7 for you)
I initially gave this one star because it was crashing on me constantly but I recently narrowed it down to a plug-in I was using for my porsche wheel. Game plays well and looks gorgeous when image spanned across three monitors. I would have given it five stars if it wasn't for the annoying Microsoft Games for Live application that makes you go through hoops to set it up and causes problems of it's own (occasional crashes)
This is probably the best racing game out there at this moment. Nov. 2012. It's got a lot of fun party modes, and multiplayer modes, along with some very realistic driving. But to get the full experience get yourself a good steering wheel. Im not talking about those cheap $50 wheels that only turn half way. I got myself the Logitech GT wheel for PS3 and for PC's and it's amazing!
I play this game with friends via LAN. It works well, and is a lot of fun to race. I like the fact it's not super serious, and the tracks are varied. It is fun to race in the snow, or on gravel, during rain, sunshine, snow, or night.

I've played some of the single player campaign, but just prefer to play it via LAN with friends. It is more fun to me, to race against people I know than computer controlled cars. Especially as the computer controlled cars don't always seem to realize that you're right beside them, and will hit you, causing you to spin out, wreck, or generally have problems.

One of the more annoying things about this game is that you have to sign up for Microsoft Live, or something like that. You get a predetermined name, which is generally nonsense. And every time you want to play this game, you have to sign into Live. The other complaint I have is that if you want more cars, you don't earn them by being good at the game. You buy them. It seems like every company is going for purchasable downloadable content route.
I have a decent gaming computer-I7 CPU  w/ cross fired 5770s , 8 gigs of ram , etc.  I like using it for Flight Simulator X which is quite demanding but works flawlessly.  I wanted to check out DirectX 11  graphics so I purchased. DIRT3 . This game freezes all the time-especially when using the camera view from inside the car. Switching to DirectX 9 works but the graphics aren't as good. I went online and found ALOT of frustrated users ; I hate Games for Windows Live anyways so this game is heading for the trash.
As an avid SCCA rallyx driver, I was hoping to get something that was even a little bit like actually rally driving, but was severely disappointed.  There is absolutely no relationship to driving this "car" to anything in real life, other than when you step on the gas it goes forward.

In actual rally driving you use throttle steering to actually steer the car; its the defining quality of racing on dirt.  To do that you need to be able to keep the steering wheel straight, and use the brake to shift weight forward and back to control car rotation. But in the game the car is impossible to steer straight going 5mpg on a straight road, let alone hit racing speeds.  I tried every single possible controller setting, and even bought a brand-new wheel. Both had the same problem: turning the wheel 5 degrees results in the steering inputs reacting as if I turned the wheel 10, or 15, or 20, or 30 degrees depending on the speed.

The only workaround I could find was the "dead zone", making the wheel inoperable while centered, and then it violently overracts when turned outside of the dead zone.  Using that I could steer straight and then sharply turn, then go straight, then sharply turn.  Ridiculous, yes, but if you watch videos of people driving on youtube.com that's how the game was apparently designed.

You'd think that a driver-oriented game would have a multitude of options for the most important aspect of driving: controlling the car.  Instead, the game is horribly slowed down by useless eye-candy graphics and a ridiculously obtuse interface.  Just starting the game and getting to the point of driving a car takes 10 minutes while you frantically hit the enter key trying to tell it to skip the fancy graphics and storyline and get on with the darn game.

If its racing you want then iracing.com is still the only realistic option.  This is worse than even Mario Kart!
I bought this game earlier this year and was working ok, but when I filled out the xbox live profile this game runs on. It already had a profile name. I thought it was odd, but didn't think too much into it since the game was shrink wrapped and all and was still playing on my pc. It was my first time using xbox live and existing account name had some racing type ring to it, I figured it was part of the game set up for you to personalize screen name if you wanted to change it. Either way the game stopped working, wouldnt load anymore, and a window telling me that game copy was not origanal. So to me, with the other reviews saying game will not load. Im wondering if people are paying attention to windows saying why it will not load. Im guessing the seller or somebody who works there is taking the games number pass code and making copies. With the low  price of the game whos gonna go through the hassel and demand a refund after 3 or 4 months of having this game. I never bothered to bring this up to the seller, because in the end with the games low price I can see the seller accuse me of the copying. Try and google the seller and its reviews (its been some time since I did this. Dont know if they still have origanal name). I did and they were not good. Who knows this review could have been different if I had contacted them, but with the games low price and what came up after google'n the seller. I doubt it.
Pros:

The game is about driving all sorts of vehicles on all different terrain, and at that the game does very well. There are a number of different vehicles to unlock in each vehicle category and the tracks range from asphalt to dirt to snow, some mixing the various terrains in a single course. If anybody has played any of the Colin McRae Rally games, or naturally any of the previous Dirt games, they should feel right at home* (see Cons for *).

The game basically has the player build up his fame to gain more sponsorships and be invited to tournaments and open new seasons. In the first season you are shown all terrains types and give the opportunity to learn gymkhana (~stunt driving~).

The graphics are polished and high quality, especially on the vehicles, and engine audio is up to par.
Gameplay is fairly straightforward, yet quite entertaining. Smashing your and opponent's vehicles is a ton of fun and damage modeling is well done.

Its just fun to drive and crash in the game. The game is very "modular" and can be picked up to play for just a short while or you can go all out and spend hours and hours.

Cons:

Gameplay can get repetitive, and even if the type of event is switched nearly every other race, you get to replay the same tracks, a number of times in different events (which are "different" really only by name).

Car feel is somewhat bland, most cars in the same group feel very similar or nearly identical, the biggest difference you will feel is the stopping distance increase with more horsepower of the car. By contrast, this also makes it weird when a car actually behaves quite differently than the others, such as Ken Block's car or the Original Mini Cooper.

In conjunction to the above, car handling is a bit weird at times, might be me, using a keyboard, but, during a normal dirt rally stage, you pretty much cannot recover from a real handbrake turn. Not sure if it is because of car tuning or abs still on (abs should not matter, but it's the only thing I have on) but once the car's back-end has slid around past say 20 degrees off center, the slide is irrecoverable. Does not matter if you apply full opposite lock, does not matter if you break, accelerate, or just let go of the gas pedal, does not matter what type of turn it is (shy of a hairpin), your call will keep sliding in the same direction, potentially getting more sideways, until you crash or slow down to 10 km/h (6mp/h).

Games for Windows Live - whenever you see this logo, be afraid, very afraid! In Dirt 3, you will HAVE TO have or create a Windows Live account, or you WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SAVE THE GAME. Or play online for that matter. This is just some crappy DRM scheme and I was quite sad to find out about it, as this, plus having to always have the dvd in your drive, makes just booting the game an annoyance. Once all is set up, its not that bad of a hassle, but still, why punish players that buy the game?

The menus and animations, and introductions will drive you up a wall. The are cool the first 100 times, -_- , not allowing me a way to skip them is just cruel. You will notice this the most when you enter a race: unskippable animation to show you your car, 1 second pause, menu pops up with "Race" and "Mod car stuff", etc, and then another 5 second animation to show you your car again, but on the starting grid, 1 second pause, and then its time to race, 3 second countdown till you can actually drive. Also every time you select an item from the race menu (those triangle things) again, animation, 1 second halt, here is what you ordered, oh new selection, sorry that need another animation.

* People that were used to the Colin McRae games might be wondering where real rally went in the game. The one with the stages, and having to spend time in between races to repair damage, having to complete a few stages of a race with a half broken car. The special feeling of being part of the WRC is mostly gone. Now most races are on the short side (they do get longer as you progress), can be restarted at any point and no previous-race progress is lost, and even more there is the rewind feature. Naturally you do not need to use these mechanics, but just being there spoils the mood.

Other Thoughts:

It may seem like I slammed the game pretty hard, but then gave it a strangely high mark. The point is that the game is good, quite good, despite all the above issues, which all in all are actually fairly small things. Plus the cheap price bumps it up a notch.

You will want to immediately turn off all assists (keep the driving line and abs at first, then decide for yourself) else the car basically drives itself.

The loss of a true rally mode may be a make it or break it deal for somebody. The game is really fun, the driving is very fun regardless of the issues stated above, yet you will miss good ol' Colin.
I would have given the game 3.5 out of 5, just because of the great stuff lost over the years, but I realized that it was not fair to compare it with something that (unfortunately) it is not anymore.

For $12 it's a great deal.
I greatly enjoyed Dirt 2 and picked up Dirt 3 for more dirt racing action (truck racing is my favorite).  I actually found this rather duller than Dirt 2, less "game-like," the locations a bit monotonous, and way too much emphasis on gymkhana, when what I really want is land rush, rally, rally cross.

Requiring gymkhana to advance past the first level is annoying, to say the least, and may be a deal breaker for some people.

However, it is possible to modify the database file to completely unlock the game. In fact, you can modify the database to unlock all the cars, all the races. Just google "dirt 3 unlock mod."  The file is a replacement for "database.bin" - so all you have to do is search for that file, save the original file as backup and replace it with the unlocked database. (And, after you play through to the next level, you can put the original file back.)  It's a fairly easy fix even for the so-so computer literate.

The upshot though is, Codemasters could have included an option to bypass gymkhana for those just wanting rally and not screech-braking in a parking lot.

This game did work without a problem on Win 7 64-bit with a Thrustmaster Ferrari GT Experience wheel.
I have several racing games, including Need For Speed the Run. Dirt 3 has been a very big disappointment. The reaction times with the controler a not responsive at the least. Graphics are shabby as well. Do not purchase!!!
Installing the game was a struggle (because of games for windows live bugs).

Some championship races and cars can only be "unlocked" by buying them as an addon to the game. I paid nearly 30 dollars when the game was new. I don't like the idea that I have to keep paying to keep playing.

I noticed no improvement in the physics or graphics compared to Dirt 2.

I tossed it in the garbage and vowed never to buy another codemasters game. I'm really tired of arcade style rally/racing games anyway.

I'll continue to get my fix from Richard Burns Rally, and you should to. :)
http://www.amazon.com/Richard-Burns-Rally-PC/dp/B000C97156/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1341886844&sr=8-1&keywords=richard+burns+rally

Thank you for reading my review! If you enjoyed it, be sure to rate it as helpful.
I recomend this game to any racing fan or rally the game has a great gameplay the servers online are great and the graphics are good rate it 4.5/5.0 because you need to make a 1GB update :-)
can somebody tell me how to set this game on the pc with the logitech G27? i connected everything very well but still the game failed to play, i mean the car couldn't move anywhere
This is a pretty fun game, but you have to buy most of the cars and tracks from the online store. The game claims to provide so much more content, however, the "scam" is, that you don't get that content with the game. You need to buy it. If you win races you will get a message saying "YAY! You can now purchase your new car from the online store!!!"

OMG REALLY??? I CAN SPEND MORE MONEY ON A GAME I ALREADY PAID FOR??? NO WAI!!!!

But overall, if you don't mind playing with the same default cars all the time, it's a pretty fun game. I really only play online mode, which allows you to race against other people. The computer on this game is WAY to easy so single player isn't any fun. You could drive backwords and still beat the computer.
Although this game is an amazing real to life representation of rally racing their choice in not hosting the log in servers was a bad idea. i loved this game and played it everyday until Microsoft live f'ed up and my account was deleted. sad to say i cant play this game anymore, due to the fact that Microsoft's support may as well only apply to people living on the moon because it is that bad. codemaster should have choose somebody else to host their servers, that is why my overall rating is at 3 stars. The game is great, support is non existent. so now i will have to buy a completely new game thanks to Microsoft.
I bought this because I read in a review that it was the best car game of 2011. The graphics are good, the car handling is good althought with a small delay from my steering wheel. I had to eliminate the force feedback and tweak it quite a bit to have it to a point where the delay would have a minimal interference with gameplay.

The competitions in the game are lame and it is not a game that invites you to play. The career mode is lame in that they make you do all sorts of challenges like spinning your car and making it skid, and then different styles of racing (rally, tarmak, race with others on dirt) with lame cars. If you like one particular style of racing, you are really forced to do all styles so it gets old.

I must say, the driving engine is good, but the game is just boring and doesnt entice me to keep playing. Every since I bought it, Ive played it 7 times (believe me, I gave this game a fair chance and that is most I was willing to play this game)
First of all, I bought this game for 49$ and would do so again in a second. It has amazing graphics, awesome looking tracks, and the cars handle extremely well. The only thing I am not a fan of is the gymkhana events. It is frustrating to me because I will win races to get to the end of an event, but to progress I must beat a gymkhana event. For those who don't know, gymkhana is an event where you drift through corridors, do donuts, jump ramps, and so on. I don't practice it because I don't like it, so those events tend to be frustrating. Otherwise it's a great game, I just wish they had done a gymkhana only track that could be avoided.
Muy buena sensacin de realidad, visual y en el volante. Recomendadsimo para cualquier fan de los Rallys y de los juegos de conduccin. En orden histrico tengo GRID, F1 2010 y DIRT 3 de Codemasters, y se nota en cada nuevo juego un avance real en el concepto, en lo parecido a conducir realmente.
Look I think all game making companies are rip offs, that's why people rather download pirated games. This game sucked Ba**s to install, error after error.
After researching on the internet for a while the solution that worked for me was copy whole game from CD to desktop folder and then installed the game. If I have to do so much work to play a game then why should I have to pay so much for it.

Game developers blame it on CD ROM. I don't think so.

After that problem fixed the game ran smooth, graphics and sound track is awesome and it looks great on eyefinity after I set it all up. Why too much work has to be down by the customer to run these fu***n games, and yet you get charged so much money, it should be cheaper.

Sapphire HD 7970 [Single]
3 samsung xl 2370 LED lcd monitors.

Its a fun racing game but you have to have a windows game log in ID for their online server or the game will not auto save and blah bla blah. bottom line is you must remain connected to the internet at all times to play this game I think.
In today's game market it's easy to miss racing games that aren't part of the license-heavy Forza or Gran Turismo franchises. Dirt 3 for PC is in an even worse boat than most since it's been a giveaway for a couple years now with every DX11 compliant ATI video card. As a result a lot of people who get it send it straight to eBay and most people who do play it have not bought it new.

This is a shame because Dirt 3 is a fun little game. There's a great assortment of multinational tracks, and a wide array of classic and modern rally cars to choose from. As a rally game, Dirt 3 ditches the comfortable confines of tracks and sends you headlong across snow and gravel in a world where keeping control of your car is a greater skill than making it around the turns. Dirt 3 wears a veneer of noisy, fun arcade-style game play, but under the hood it calls for quick reactions, a good understanding of road surfaces, and nerves of steel. Sadly, it also calls for a gamepad or wheel- you will almost certainly find the keyboard too all-or-nothing for serious racing.

PROS:
-Visually stunning engine that makes full use of DirectX 11 effects
-Soundtrack is an appealing mix of classic prog rock and modern music that does a good job of being vaguely European and not too intrusive
-Successfully models an arcade-like complexity of play with a surprisingly deep simulation of track conditions and vehicle handling
-In-car camera gives a stomach-churning stream of nonstop thrills as you launch over crests and 2-wheel hairpins
-Probably the most realistic depiction of drifting/powersliding to appear in a video game (it's frightening, nauseating, and usually a bad idea)
-3D support!

CONS:
-Lower difficulties aren't much fun, highest difficulty is brutally hard
-Small fanbase of hardcore racing nuts may make multiplayer a bit hard for newcomers (Dirt 3 players seem pretty nice though)
-Essentially requires some sort of analog input
-May confuse players who aren't familiar with the rules and conditions of rally-style racing

Other thoughts:
-You need to plug your youtube credentials into the game to let it export your highlights to YouTube. I don't think CodeMasters wants to rip you off, but if it makes you uncomfortable, create a new Google identity for use with Dirt 3. Easy!
-LEARN THE TRACKS. Learn the tracks, learn the tracks, learn the tracks.
-If you want to win, employ a Fin!
Great graphics, great career mode.  Multiplayers ok.  Overall great game.  Make sure you have Microsoft Live installed before installing game.
I'm not sure why Codemasters didn't release the PC DVD in retail stores in the U.S., but the game is very fun. I could have ordered the PC DVD from a couple of places for $49.99, but the seller at Amazon had it at a great price. I really like racing games and this is a different format for me, because I usually choose road racing games. The in game trailers for this game, and the option to play Gymkhana in a Rally game is great.
the game always want to start with the CD, even after i installed it.
i don't know how to fix that.

it sucks...
I have never in my life paid money for a game this buggy

First up, my computer is awesome, it crushes anything I though at it with ease.  I have an AMD II X4 925, 4GB RAM with Raedon 6900, my computer IS NOT the problem

Problems with this game:

#1. The DVD doesn't read properly.  My DVD drive, which has NEVER had an issue with anything before takes about 2 minutes to register the DVD.  Clearly whatever factory they used to burn this disc along with the DRM rubbish did a real fine job.  You must have DVD in drive to play game, so need to wait 2 minutes before can play - assuming it reads disk, which it only does 1/3 of the time ;-/

#2. Windows Games for Live was a friggin nightmare to get going.  By the way I'm a computer programmer by day so I know how to operate technical things.  Ended up disabling anti-virus software, good luck getting a non-technical person to realise they must do this

#3. Game absolutely fries my computer.  I have a friggin Raedon HD 6900!!!  My GPU went to 85 degrees and my CPU to 105!! WTF!?  Ended up turning down graphics level right down to stop my fans going mental

#4. You win a race in career mode and you get spoken to like you're a 12 year skate boarder.  "That was awesome driving dude, you should totally upload your replay to youtube!!!".  Um, how about get lost?

#5. Get up a short distance through career mode to a snow track with other cars on it - graphics start stuttering like crazy even though i have graphics on "low" on a Raedon 6900!!!! wtf!!?!?  Getting about 10 FPS.

#6. Give up on career mode.  Decide to only play time trial.  Oh game automatically downloads ghost replays of "world record holders" - they're all cheats who hack!!  3 minute races won in 26 seconds ummm hello??

#7. Finish a time trial, OK that was fun, now replay it.  Oh graphics start stuttering again!!!  Not as bad as snow race but still annoyingn as hell.  Only way to fix is to exit to main menu and then reload entire race, so can't use replay.

Un friggin believable

WORST GAME I HAVE EVER PURCHASED
Very good quality, excellent graphics, very complete game, the car can personalis And you can play online, I recommend it.

Muy buena calidad, excelentes graficos, muy completo el juego, se puede personalisar el carro, ademas se puede jugar en linea, lo recomiendo.
I have been playing car racing games since their early beginning on PC. I currently have a logitech G25 force feedback wheel to play with.
I have played most of the Colin Mc Rae, Need for speed, Grid and Dirt2 games before. I also tried my hands at more simulation oriented games like GTR, GTR2, GP Legends...
Dirt2 came in as a nice and pleasant surprise. Dirt3 tops it off.

As I am sure many will detail everything about this game, I will limit myself to the most important points for me.

Pros:
- Amazing graphics
- Amazing physics
- Challenging but entertaining races

Cons:
- Gymkhana
- Interface

What went through the conceptors mind about gymkhana? Racing is not easy for most but gymkhana is really a pain in the neck.
I saw the videos of Ken Block on Youtube and indeed he is really impressive. Am I even dreaming of doing the same? No!
Racing require good racing skills to start but Gymkhana requires a perfect control of the vehicles and most of us will never achieve such level. So I find the attemps slightly pointless and extremely frustrating.

Now, what about the interface? Simply put, it does not remotely compare with Dirt2's interface. It is messy, I had to search online to figure out where to find my best times. There are not enough info about the cars, the races, the sponsors... It leaves a lot to desire. A complete miss.

Conclusion:
As far as rallye racing. This game is the best out there today.
If you are one who needs crazy challenges, try the gymkhana and good luck!
In spite of my criticism, I definitely do not regreat this purchase.
This is a really fun game to play but I hate the new Microsoft Live formats being added to the newer games. You can't save game progress or a profile unless you are online & have a Microsoft Live account. When I purchase a game I should have the ability (and rights!!!) to save game progress & profiles without having to be online & tracked by Microsoft. There's also all kinds of track & car add-ons that you are encouraged to buy for additional money. Overall a rip off in my opinion. No more Microsoft Live games for me!!!
This game is by far the best driving game I've playing great graphics, incredible handling and relistic damage. The online play was also pretty good for me. Only issues I had were really minor, I prefer dirt 2 user interface, and dirt had a better soundtrack, but those are just personal preferences and not really relevant to the review. The replay and upload feature is very cool as well. I'm Jason and I drive Manual. Definitely worth the buy.

Gigabyte GA-890FXA-UD7
AMD Phenom II X6 1080T
8GB Corsair Dominator
Asus HD6970
Creative Sound Blaster Xi-Fi Titanium Fatality Pro
Logitech Z5500
So you just want to buy and play this great rally racing game?  Good luck.  I have a typical Windows XP system with an nVidia video 8600 series card and 4GB ram.  Decent but nothing tricky. I am also quite resourceful and capable of doing things like "deleting .dll files" running special installers from third party websites, etc.

YOU MAY VERY WELL NEED TO BE AS WELL.

If your install does not work and the game gives you and error, you may be on your own.  Codemaster's tech support?  Responded twice total. I spent another $30 on a registry and .dll fixer, nothing, then they told me to uninstall a bunch of other stuff I had on my machine and then when I did, wouldn't return my response that their help did not resolve my problem.  Poof, gone.

There is no phone number and their home page is on Facebook.

So I used Google and found their official forum and posted a lengthy message with the details as requested by their forum guide and got NOTHING, no help.

I was able to eventually get it to run through more Google searching for related problems in other games.  Problems that should not exist in today's games.  I had to download and run special installers from a sound card manufacturer and "drill into" the Dirt 3 game folder and delete a specific file.

How stupid is this?  And nothing?  No help?  No FAQ?  No fix or patch?  Even more remarkable is that their forum is filled with demands that Codemasters fix the bugs.  Demands for many months now, apparently gone unanswered, literally.

This IS THE FIRST AND LAST CODEMASTERS GAME I will ever buy or help someone with.

I gave it one star for the horrible "welcome aboard, have fun installing" for this game and "one star" for game play as it has been a week and countless hours spent, with no help from Codemasters, getting it to run, which is not much "fun." So One star for fun.

It now works, maybe I'll come back and reassess my fun score, maybe not.

Good Riddance.
I would like give this game 4 or 5 stars, if I could get it to run. Like others the game crashes on start-up or in the game and Codemasters has been absolutely no help in correcting it. Why they can't get their asses in gear (pun intended) and fix it I don't know, but with so many folks reporting the problem it isn't just occasional. I assume they either can't replicate the problem or just don't care. Lacking any help from Codemasters, I've tried the various fan fixes, including uninstalling Rapture 3D. Also tried installing on Vista and Win 7 and that didn't help either, which is a shame since from the other reviews it seems like a great racing sim.
I got this version instead of the PS3 version, which turned out to be a mistake. Console versions of games look 95 percent as good as their PC versions, but you do not have to deal with driver issues and the numerous things that can go wrong with windows. First off the installation takes about 30 minutes, which is ridiculous. I have never had a game take this long to load, Shift 2 took about 20 minutes which seemed too long also. Next many of the latest games for PC are forcing you to have an internet connection in order to install the game, regardless of whether you want to play only offline single player games. Shift 2 unleashed is also like this, so be forewarned. Internet requirements are not prominently displayed on the boxes. The game pushes you, but does not require you to, sign up for a Games For Windows Live account, which is required to get the game patches and updates. More time wasted signing up for that. Finally after about one hour the game was up and running , but the menu screen text had red blocky borders, and the sun in the game screens was ugly pink red, with red reflections on the car and everywhere. So more time spent googling to find a solution to this. I had to download a hot-fix driver update for my AMD videocard driver, which solved that red text and sun problem. Finally after nearly 2 hours I was able to play the game, which is perhaps the prettiest racing game I have ever played. Magnificent graphics, and fun excellent gameplay. Good forcefeedback effects with a steering wheel, and excellent sense of speed and immersion, makes this a top notch sim racer with just a hint of arcade feeling to it.
I was really, finally enjoying the game , when suddenly about 30 minutes in to a race the game suddenly crashed. No error message or anything, it just hung up and crashed to desktop, under windows 7. I later tried it with Windows XP on the same machine, and it crashed less frequently, usually only when exiting the game, but random crashes really kill the fun of a racing game, since it might not crash during an entire 20 lap race or it might crash on the 2nd lap.
It is a great game when it works, and if you are lucky enough to have a machine that it runs stably on then by all means get this game. But hang on to your receipt just in case.
I am tired of fiddling with my computer trying to find a totally reliable setup for this game, so I think I am going to buy a copy for my PS3, which has never crashed, in over 3 years of game playing. I have been buying the top notch PC versions of videogames and spent thousands of dollars over the years on faster videocards and cpu's , but I have finally grown tired of fiddling with incompatibilities of hardware and software, and now game publishers demanding that you have an internet connection as well as providing a long serial number, utilizing gigabytes of harddrive space, 30 minute or longer installation times ( it takes less time to install Windows 7 ) , and requiring you to sign up for their online service and game store, and still you have to put that stupid little DVD in your computer everytime you want to play a simple game to relax. I am pretty much done with PC gaming, since the consoles are so much less hassle, and they have " good enough " graphics that the diminishing returns of costly higher resolution better antialiased higher framerate graphics is not worth it. When the PS4 and Xbox 720 come out, I think the law of diminishing returns will be even more evident.
Seriously, the game is amazing fun. It has a learning curve, and I recommend you have a really good system to make the framerate playable (I have a Pentium D 3.0, 3.5GB RAM, Radeon 4650 and I have to have it almost set to "Ultra Low"), but I have already convinced others to buy this.

Favorite feature: YouTube publishing right from the game. Awesome.
Installed the game. Then clicked to launch/start the game. An error message appeared saying game cannot start because "xlive.dll file is missing". They should have displayed a message advising the user to install "Games for Windows Live" program first (a free download from Microsoft), but instead they just give you an error message and leave you to figure it out on your own. Small print on the game box mentions Games for Windows Live being needed to activate your online profile and multiplayer gameplay but does NOT make clear you may need this just to get the game started!
So, installed Games for Windows Live and launched Dirt 3 for the second time. This time it says game update needed to proceed otherwise it will sign you out. Clicked OK/Proceed to get the game update. This took almost 30 to 40 minutes on my 12Mbps high-speed internet connection just to download the game update. Then you go through a fairly quick install of the game update.
Launched the game for the third time and they ask you to create Windows Live profile for online stuff then create a player name, etc.
By the time I was able to run a race in the game it was midnight and I went to bed ............
Maybe I'll add to this review if I ever get to play it for a while!
This game is a good time.  Especially if you have friends playing along.  Answer all kinds of movie trivia.
I just got it this morning and it looks fantastic! I love having all the books in an awesome treasure chest! The only thing is that I wish they made space for Link Between Worlds special edition guide, but it's not a big thing. I'll just put it right next to it!  The gold bookmark is my new favorite bookmark!!!
This set is awesome, it is as advertised. This set comes in a very high quality box, this is a must have set for any Zelda fan.
I'm a little disappointed the original extras weren't included, but Prima gets a bonus star for their packaging.  Normally when I order something like this, it would come beat up.  But Prima provides an amazingly secure box for the set that includes suspending it in some styrofoam away from the edges.  Then Amazon packages that box up in their usual half-attempted fashion.  So despite the shoddy Amazon packaging, the set still arrived in perfect condition thanks to Prima's packaging.
The boxed set comes with each hardcover collectors edition strategy guide. However they do not come with any of the extras the original guides came with themselves. For example the Twilight Princess guide came with a cloth map, the boxed set version does not. I guess its not a major deal given they are re-prints and come with a few collectors pieces, just makes me wonder what I missed by getting this set over the originals
The metal bookmark has a couple of weird flaws in it.  I wish that all the cloth maps that were included with the books individually were included in this set, but it's worth losing those to get this cool set.
Great collection. Definitely worth it!!!
Awesome
Amazing product for collectors and for Legend of Zelda fans !
Love it thank you
Wonderfully amazing!
As a long time Legend of Zelda fan I find this chest very impressive and well made. The books are elegant and beautiful. For the price any LOZ fan would want this in their collection and would make an amazing gift!
Great collection for a fan.  Packaged very well.
Loved it beautiful set and a must have for any collector!
Cool set of books. Covers could vary a bit more. The chest could defiantly be of a little higher quality. But overall the books are nice. Could have been neater if it had a guide to every zelda game not just the recent ones and the most of the hd remakes
All i can say is that it looks beautiful... We have all the books on a shelf and the array of colors definitely catches the eye.
Glad I got this for my collection
Pricey but I have found them to be useful. The designs of the pages in each individual book vary, and they are all aesthetically pleasing.
Books are amazingly detailed and look great. Definitely worth the cost
I love everything about it!
Great books and my husband loved it for fathers day
First set I received, the chest was pretty badly damaged. I sent in for a replacement. The next one I received was much better! If you're a fan of the Legend of Zelda franchise then I highly recommend this item. The books, book mark, and certification of authenticity are all great quality. The chest is the only reason I give this a 4 out of 5, because the material seems to be made of dense cardboard meaning that the decal on it will tear and there will be visible dents if it's not handled well.
This is the ultimate boxed set for the diehard Zelda fan. A masterpiece.
Perfect for any fan of Zelda, games or not.
Very happy and satisfied with product. Fast shipping.
Very nicely put together.  Crisp and clean and very good detail.
Great Quality, Great box, totaly satisfied for the small price it cost !!! :D
The box it's in perfect condition and the books are awesome, with great details, just a must have for every Zelda collector.
I ordered this on March 24 2016 and got it the next day!!! I am so in love with this!! Worth the price it is marked for!! I highly recommend any Fan from this franchise to get it either for the guides or just another collection item. It was securely packaged and arrived before time it's amazing!!
Amazing value. I cannot believe this set is available for this price. Everything from the packaging to the quality of the paper is stellar.  This set feels like it was put together with care in mind. Also worth noting is the fact that the Ocarina of Time guide can only be found in this set. Only criticism I have is that the cloth maps were not included for  Twilight Princess and Wind Waker. Still, Im very happy with my purchase.
Fast delievery and was exactly as described
Everything as described! It came well packaged with all hardback books all themed similarly. Very high quality, complete with a certificate of authenticity, and a very nicely made laser etched book mark. The Treasure Chest looks like it came straight out of the game! I'd recommend any Zelda fan to grab one of these 
Just starting to collecting.this is one of the best item i get.
This set is well made and very handsome. It is proudly on display in my home.
great set of guides. no shipping damage. all books are in great shape , no misprints or upside-down pages.well worth the investment.
I wasn't sure how I should rate this item. The books themselves are beautiful and undamaged, sadly the "chest" that they come in is a very flawed design and not at all sturdy enough to hold the weight of the books. I received mine shrink wrapped and already ripped on the bottom of the "chest". We ended up flipping it over and reinforcing the bottom and sides with clear packing tape which kind of takes away from the aesthetic but helped hold it all together. The set was really top notch and even if you just ditch the "chest" it comes with and put them on your bookshelf with the plaque they are truly lovely. As this was a Christmas gift to my husband I am slightly embarrassed that it was already broken before I gave it to him.
I'm a huge Zelda fan and I'm so happy to add this to my collection ^.^
I haven't used most of the guides, so my experience with the quality of the information contained is limited. What guides I have consulted while playing have been more than adequate.

Physically, this set is of top quality, and a must have for Zelda fans.
Bought for future investing/collecting. Paper included isn't personally signed by the guy,its just a copy. and this actually dropped in price 40% in the last 9 months since I purchased.
Great buy. The books are fresh and look pretty cool. The cardboard chest looks pretty awesome too. Comes with more neat stuff. Would buy again as a gift for someone.
The books themselves are gorgeous, and the extras are beautiful -- the letter from Aonuma-san especially is wonderful! But the collector's box, when it arrived, was splitting at the bottom seam, presumably from the weight of the books. It's a shame because the box IS very high quality and you can tell a lot of care went into it, despite it just being thick, laminated cardboard... And the bookmark holder on the lid of the box is already starting to pull off.

This would have been absolutely perfect if not for that.

As collector's books, and with the content, it's wonderful! But I really am very disappointed about the box.
Very good. For me a Zelda Collector it was well worth the purchase.
Wish I could give it 10 stars, a must have for any Legend of Zelda fan!
Bought this for my wife for her birthday as she is a massive Zelda fan. Needless to say when she opened it she was excited. All the books are extremely nice. The chest itself is of good quality.
Better than I expected!  Was also received in a very timely manner.  One is for me and one is a Christmas present for my son!
Not one to complain but received this expensive collectors item with the really neat storage case damaged on the bottom and the top right hand corner smashed. I really am bummed out about the damaged goods.
Nice, but does not have the maps, but beautiful box book really nice, completely satisfied
Extremely high quality and a great collecter's item for any Zelda fan.
This set is great for any Zelda collector.
But I do have one thing to say about it, I already owned Twilight Princess and Skyward Sword Collector guides. The guides that come in this box set are not the same. Not only that but the stand alone guides came with cloth maps as well. So I will be keeping both copies.
Just beautiful!
Very happy with purchase
Great collection if you are a a fan of the series
Have for any zelda fan. The set up displaying on your shelf is enough to have it. The books a beautiful!
Good
This collection includes six hardcover guided guidebooks, these are reproductions of the same individual guides Prima released over the past. The only problems are some people report that the ones they received were in poor quality such as upside-down covers, damaged covers and pages, sloppy gluing, but I think if you buy directly through Amazon or Amazon fulfilled sellers then you're less likely to get a bad set.

One drawback is none of the goodies that came with these guides are in this collection, kind of a bummer really. Another drawback is the Twilight Princess guide isn't the 2008 re-release but instead the original 2007 release. A third drawback is that yes they are Prima guides and we all know how much they can leave out information. On the plus side the bookmark looks nice, the box is made of sturdy cardboard, and the Skyward Sword guide is a re-release with additional information added.

So for the Zelda fans this collection is worth owning, I love mine and will use it well.
Awesome!
Excellent set - all the quality you'd expect from a limited edition boxed set of books.
Sad they didn't include the physical maps from Windwaker but it's a solid set nonetheless. The box it comes in is ace looking too.
Amazing box good quality. The books are in mint condition and also high quality. I purchased as a Father's Day gift for my husband and he was so happy!
Best book collection I've ever hard!
<div id="video-block-RQ6P1T4NO5ILD" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1ZmFyi4lRS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/11zL7xqwCaS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Watch it in higher quality here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHocd4BRRLw

I am giving away a brand new copy of the collector's guides of Phantom Hourglass and Spirit Tracks, enter the giveaway here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqlS5IU2tMw

Check out the rest of my Zelda collection here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWITUa_LHZlKU0VzGaKKJQSDP104WJf0R
Awesomeness
Great price for this set when I bought it. Excellent shape and the quality is vividly apparent! 10/10
I bought this for my boyfriend as an anniversary present. He is a big Zelda fan and he LOVES it!
The box and books are beautiful. However, the Phantom Hourglass material was backwards and upside-down. I don't want to send the whole thing back. It would be great if they could just send a replacement book and I'll send the old one back to them.
Amazing. Purchased for my boyfriend who is an avid collector of anything game-related and he was so excited! The books look great and are made very well. Highly recommend!
This box set is beautiful!
I love the legend of Zelda franchise and my favorite have is twilight princess. Since getting the game again I wanted a strategy guide and find this on sale and bought it. When it came in I was so stoaked about it then opening it was like magic the golden steel plated plaque was a bit scratched but I don't mind it. But the books I love, they have that sweet new book smell. Everything was awesome!
Bought as a gift for a Zelda fan - he loved it !
Chest came all torn up, so don't expect it to come like in the picture.
great product ,
Love it!!! Thank you so much!
Amazing!!! Perfect!
I love Zelda! Anything Zelda is awesome! I lvoe these books, and the box is really nice too. I recommend it if you are a beginner or an expert!!
It's in perfect condition and beautiful~ my only complaint is that the box was too large and didn't have quite enough padding. I could feel the item moving around when i picked up the box. Thankfully no damage occurred
Wish there was more room for future game guides.
You pay for what you get :) this is great! Beautiful sturdy box and beautiful full color guides for the 6 games listed, metal bookmark is gorgeous. The package was greatly packaged to avoid any damage to the corners of the box! So happy with this! :D great for any zelda fan :)
This is freakin awesome
Nice set. Exactly as described.
Great
5 stars
Great quality guides. With incredible detail and explanation.
awsome collection super fast but my chest came in craked on the bottom not happy bad lack of rap in box thats the only thing im not happy about.

other wise this is a master peace of collection must have all zelda fans its super awsome the guides are sow clean and the golden plated book mark is really nice 100% would recomend to a zelda fan and it will be sow valuable when ever the get sold out sow hurry and get it.
Just like i imagined it.  Prima does great stuff and this is no exception.
OMG! Talk about having a nerdgasm! These books are so worth the money! Beautifully created! The "chest" is just awesome and the gold bookmark and gilded edges of the books are so shiny that I can see my reflection in them and I know that I couldn't do that when I bought some of the others when they came out with the games. Oh, and the best part? These books are bigger than the copies I bought when the games came out!!
LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! LOVE!
The product itself is everything that you would expect,  the problem sits with the great United States postal service.  Once my package had arrived I couldn't help but notice the giant dent in the box. i immediately knew what I would be opening the box to find.  Luckily things wete not as bad as they looked and as I had first suspected. I called Amazon to discuss my options and they immediately took it apon themselves to refund 20% of what I had paid since only one book was damaged.  Amazon is very easy to work with and rest assured if anything happens they will do their best to assist you.  If you are a HUGE Zelda fan like myself, this is a must own.
Arrived quickly and in perfect condition, very happy with how it all looks and I have to say it's definitely worth buying.
Amazing. Does kinda suck that it didn't come with the extras that it would have came with the books individually but oh well. And I'm not sure why people are complaining about the shipping if the books. Mine came in super secured.
Beautifully made game guides! Almost don't want to use them!
Great set! Be aware! The materials used for covers are highly absorbent. Even just the oil from your hands can stain them. No dust jackets included so you'll have to protect the covers on your own.
Very enjoyable set. It really is a must have for The Legend of Zelda fans.
If you are a Legend of Zelda fan this is a great set for a collector. These guides are hard to find by themselves now, but with this pack you get guides to some of the most popular games in the series. The game guides also come with online codes so you can use a computer or mobile device to look up hints easily.
The box set itself is amazing, i was really excited to get this item! but upon arrivla i noticed that the shipping box was damaged and open on one of the sides. i opened the box and took out the box set to find that it was damaged as well and literally coming apart on the bottom to the point where if not held right the books will fall through the bottom.. its really upsetting and disappointing that it came this way after paying so much, and it being under amazon prime.. nothing i can do now i guess..
So glad I got this on sale! The books are beautiful! Everything was packed perfectly. Thank you!
Shipped great and love them!
Let me start by saying this is the best product I've ever purchased. Only $107.89 for 6 amazing great quality guides in a well built chest and a golden bookmark. These are top notch guides, well written, and well put together!
HEADS UP: There's only 50,000 copies being released, and my number according to the certificate is around 49,400. That's how many they've sold in just over a year. If you want this, don't hesitate.
Also, these guides are going for so much seperately! I've seen used copies go for more than this set alone! Imagine in 5 years.... These will be well worth more than you pay right now.
Great
what a great product!!! tremendous quality in the hardcover guides and comes with a really cool gold plated book mark for keeping your place in the guides and a certificate of authenticity.  have just recently got into collecting and this product really blew me away, awesome quality and quantity for the price and i am not easily impressed, worth every penny.  i only wish it had guides for the NES and SNES zelda games instead of spirit tracks and phantom hourglass
It arrived on time and the product was as described.
All my friends are jealous. I'm also now the biggest loser on my block. I don't mind.
The box I got was a little beaten up and some edges were damaged but in overall its a beautifully crafted item.
Got here quickly in perfect condition. The books are very high quality and absolutely gorgeous. I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it
Great, thanks!
very, very beautiful box set. any zelda fan would be very pleased with this purchase.
The only issue I had with this is that when you buy the collector's edition player's guides separately, they usually come with a cloth map.  These did not.  Other than that, this item is awesome.  It gives you amazing detailed information about each story and will make a great addition to any Zelda fan's collection.
I got these for my boyfriend and HE LOVES THEM.
Price is outrageous for what you get. I like it ok.
a great collectors item i don't want to get rid of anytime soon
This is the perfect gift for Zelda fans! Each hard cover guide is decent quality and full of tips and secrets. However, the hard covers have kind of a cheap finish. what I mean by this is I got a small amount of dirt on it, so I tried to clean it with a paper towel and a few drops of water. When I wiped it, some of the paper started ripping off and now there's a huge water stain just from that small amount of water. They cannot get wet at all. Dissapointing
:)
Awesome deal! My boyfriend loved it.
There are collectors who have everything. Then there are poor collectors who window-shop online and cry over how much they would love to have these really pricy additions. I gal into the second category. Fortunately< I have been blessed with a wonderful boyfriend who purchased this set for me for this Christmas, and I kid you not, viewer, I cried. I am 18 years old, pursuing a degree in college and I cried over how beautiful this present is. I love these guides. I used to own a wind waker guide back when it was just a gamecube game and I remember that if I couldn't play the actual game, I would sit and read the guide. These are so much better. They clearly i indicate what you are pursuing in each side quest and quite honestly, I think they're worth every penny. My only complaint is that Majora's Mask, as revered as it is, is not a part of this box set. However, maybe with the release of Majora's Mask 3D, they'll release a second box set, including Majora's Mask, Legend of Zelda (Original), Adventures of Link, Link to the Past, Oracles, Link's Awakening, etc. :)
best idea to put all these books in a collectors case.
It was a gift for my daughter.  She loves it.  It looks like something that might be a valuable collector item.
All the major Zelda games in super cool hardbound guides.  A must have for the Zelda fanatic.
A must have for all Zelda & Link fans. Neat, easy to use & read, colorful, rich in text & content.
This is an awesome box set. The books are beautiful and highly detailed. Everything was in great condition when it arrived and the shipping was super-fast. Highly Recommended item to all "The Legend of Zelda" fans!
Bought this as a gift, haven't used the strategy guides really, but they are an excellent collectors item. Everything about this set is top notch and oozes zelda awesomeness.
Very disappointed to see this product does not come with everything shown in the pictures. I expected the glass case as well as the gold colored plackard.
Great collector's item to own amazing detail in this set wish they made a box for the previous games.
christmas present
A nice gift for Zelda collectors.
Great collectors item
A bit smaller than I thought it would be, but I am rely happy with it.
Item arrived super quick.  VERY happy with the Zelda Box Set: Prima Off. Game Guides!
Just awesome box set!! High quality!
Thanks
Books are cool.
Great item!
Definitely worth every dollar
This a must have for any legend of Zelda fan. It comes in a box that keeps yours strategy guides looking excellent. I am very pleased with this purchase
Great Order. It has the guides that I need. Great Price, Gets down to every little detail in the game.
This is an awesome set of deluxe The Legend of Zelda video game guides. The box it came in is just great and I'm so happy they took the time to add to some of the books. While I did have some of these books already, the new and thicker Skyward Sword guide is really top notch.

My only complaint is that the box comes full. I have other guides and Zelda books like the historia book that I can't cram inside it with the others, but that's ok. They need to sell the chest on it's own as I could fill another chest with the Zelda guides I already have.

If you're a big Zelda fan and love the hardcover deluxe guides that they release with each game, this is a great box set and totally worth it!
Great collectors addition.
The quality in this collectors set is just outstanding. The box is a heavy duty cardboard that holds up to a decent amount of stress. All the books were we bounded and high quality. All in all, IT A MUST FOR ANY HARDCORE ZELDA FAN!!!!
I am a huge Zelda fan, and these definitely exceeded my expectations. They are great quality and provide tons of valuable and helpful hints. Each guide helps you complete each Zelda game 100%. Just wish it included the latest 3ds game, as well.
Excellent product, thank you!
Love this! the packaging was excellent, box perfect, bookmark is beautiful! the books are great
I mean, this is just awesome. The treasure chest was well made, the books are all gorgeous (and I didn't get a copy of Windwaker that was bound upside-down), the gold "bookmark" is beautiful but a fingerprint magnet. Overall great for any fan of the series.
Feel ripped off the bookmark was damaged right out of the box I'm sure not all are like this but sadly that was what I ended up with the books are great nice quality ....wish I could somehow exchange the damaged one
Fantastic set. Beautiful artwork. Great for any collection.
Absolutely amazing collection. Must have for fans.
It's in my closet cause I refuse to ruin it! So cool
ZELDA! WOOT! Good quality product, love it.
Great collection in one safe case. Thank you (  ^ _ ^ )b
A must have for any Zelda fan or collector.
i'm a collector of Zelda products and this is awesome! there isn't a thing about this product that i wish were different (aside from being free). The walkthroughs go into detail of the games and are in excellent quality. Worth every penny spent.
I've always tried to collect game guides for all my favorite games. Have a bit of a collection of them honestly. Definitely a huge Zelda fan too! I saw this set online and just knew i had to have this! Not only do i have a game guide collection, but i have a separate collection just for Zelda! So this was literally the best of both worlds for me! The bookmark is very cool and the "chest" box is a nice storing unit for the books. The books are beautiful! The gold lining on the pages, and the cover of each book is different and gorgeous.  The letter of authenticity is just so exciting! LOVE LOVE LOVE this!

They need to make these for all the Zelda games!
I just got mine last night and I'm IN LOVE with them!! Absolutely gorgeous and such high quality. I haven't actually used them yet but I will very soon. Something else I love is that each book has designs specific to the game that they represent (like the OoT book has little gold Ocarinas and Shiek's harp in the corners on the front cover). I didn't pay full price for them since I got them during a sale but I certainly would pay  full price for them.
I love this set. It's the perfect gift for any Zelda fan!
Gorgeous box set full of the hardcover game books. It contains the most recent copies to go with all the newest Zelda games.
This is a must have for a Zelda collector. Even if it just goes on a shelf to never be opened, it looks great! Some of the guides in it I never saw released (Twilight Princess) and I wonder how I missed them. Great buy for the just over $100 I paid. A lot of the guides by themselves are selling $40-50 ea.
I'm not one to write a review, but I felt compelled to write one for this to help give people an idea of what to expect. I am an avid Zelda fan and a collector to a lesser extent. I have bought the hard cover collector's edition Prima Guide for Zelda as far back as Twilight Princess and gotten nearly every one since.

I had 4 of these books already, and 2 paperback books of the other 2 guides. So in a way I was buying a set of books I already had. Still has a collector and a fan, I could not pass it up and for me, I could not be happier I got this.

In reading some other reviews about this item, I hope to clarify a few things about this set.

1. First off, I will say that my original set did come with a damaged chest. I got a replacement from Amazon, so no biggie and I'm not going to ding a star off for that. It was just bad packaging.

2. The metal book mark is fantastic, and better than I expected. The chest is nice and having the ribbon inside to help pull out the first book is a nice touch. Note it's meant to just pull out ONE book at the back, which if you keep them in order should be Wind Waker HD.

3. As noted, this set does not come with the extra items such as cloth maps that the original individual books came with. Not a big deal to me, but it is what it is. What it does come with, and just that this set is a limited edition makes up for it to me.

4. I want to give a breakdown of these books and how they compare to the original individual ones I have, where applicable.

- The Phantom Hourglass Guide is identical to the original lone book.

- The Twilight Princess Guide IS The revised guide that apparently came out in 2007. I got my original when Twilight Princess came out and didn't even know till I read the other reviews on here that there even was a revised edition. The 16 or so new pages are mostly a greatly expanded and more detailed "legendary checklist" at the back of the book.

- Spirit Tracks: This one through me for a bit because the book in the set is about 1/4 an inch thicker than my original, but the contents and number of pages are identical so they must be using thicker paper. The only difference that I noticed is that the table of contents is the very last page of the book. I am honestly not sure if that is an error or intentional.

- Ocarina of Time 3D. One of the books exclusive to this set and never available as a hard cover on it's own. This is a very nice book and one of the reasons I wanted this book. In comparing in to my paper back version, the contents are the same but the page layouts are different here and there.

- Skyward Sword. I did not get this one originally in hard cover, which was available on it's own. But I have read and discovered it's a greatly changed book from the original. It say it's revised and expanded by over 100 pages, but in reading on Prima's website the making of this set, they go into detail about how this book was basically rewritten by a new author and has all new screen shots. It's much more than just expanded by 100 pages. This was my biggest surprise in this set, as I thought the Ocarina of Time book would be the only really unique book in this set, but it's really that one and this one.

- The Wind Waker HD. This book came out individually very recently so naturally the one in this set is identical to the stand alone.

And that is about it. Like a said, a very great set and I am thrilled to own it.
This is a really nice collection, a must have for all Zelda fans. It just has some little details I didn't like: 1) My Ocarina of Time 3D guide is backwards, like they messed up when they bound the cover. It doesn't make it useless but it feels weird. 2) Why didn't they include space for the Link between worlds guide? It's a shame my copy of that guie has to be outside the chest. Everything else is great.
This box is a must-have for any Zelda fan. Not only does it include 6 limited edition strategy guides with bonus content not available anywhere else, but it also comes with a beautiful golden etched bookmark and a certificate of authenticity with the limited number and message from the producer of the game. Each book ends up being about 20 dollars so the fact that it's all a limited release, the price is definitely worth it!

As a Zelda fan, I would definitely recommend fans to go out and spend the money because you'll be sorry if you don't! If you're not a Zelda fan, well now's the time to become one!
The Legend of Zelda Box Set looks spectacular, awesome, masterpiece & magnificent . It's truly miracle, fantastic & unbelievable & incredible. The guide books inside are very handy & useful. I'm completely satisfied & accepted with the method & way David Hodgson authorized the Legend Of Zelda Full Box Set
I'm a huge Zelda collector so this set was a must-buy. It's a bit of a bummer that none of the guides came with their cloth maps like in their original release, but that's a small complaint. The revised edition of Skyward Sword is a big improvement over the original, and the gold metal bookmark is a nice bonus. I'd definitely recommend this if you're a Zelda fan.
First off, I want to say that everything about this set is gorgeous!  It all starts with the idea of now your own personal treasure chest to decorate your shelf with.  Once open, there are six hard bound strategy guides that span the "Legend of Zelda" franchise.

1. The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D (First time ever released)
2. The Legend of Zelda: Spirit Tracks
3. The Legend of Zelda: Phantom Hourglass
4. The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD
5. The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess
6. The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword (Expanded by 100 pages from the original guide)

All of the books have gilded edges to give a gold sheen along each page.  Most of these guides are out of print and hard to find.  The guides are all the official Prima Games guides versions, which is a company dedicated to making video game strategy guide.  As a result, the content is undoubtedly top notch in every guide to help you find every secret and defeat every boss.

If you are a fan of the franchise, this is an absolutely awesome set to pick upl
Loved the books. have not opened them but I did buy them before the whole set was available. Very useful and very pretty to look at.
Must have for any Zelda fan that doesn't mind owning strat guides ;) Only problem I have is I don't know where to put it in my house!
I was very excited when this came out for pre-order, I have all these games and I was looking forward to having the strategy guides (being a little bit of a collector nut..)  I had several of the other guides individually prior to the set being announced, so when I bought this, I started selling the originals... I wish I hadn't.  This set doesn't come with all the goodies (maps, etc.) that the originals came with.  I wish I had paid a little more attention to that (completely my fault, I'll own it).

With that said, it's still a cool set, and if you didn't manage to get the guides on the first run, it's still worth picking up!
I Just keep it around my house to feel like an awesome person. Sometimes people come over and high five me.
I purchased this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loved it! The package wasn't damaged at all and the items inside were authentic and pristine!
Thank you!
The Legend of Zelda Box Set was a Christmas present to my husband. He absolutely loves it and will definitely put it to use!!
The guides to some games for Zelda, in hardcover with full color and excellent presentation a collection that all fan of Zelda must have.
I was so excited to get all the collectors guides in a cool box for such a good price. Individually it's so much more. And the little special edition stuff is a great bonus. Love it.
Great secrets for one who would seem them. Very good quality books, need another set with the rest of them!
All the guides are the RECENT Zelda games to be Released or Re-Released
Maybe they will have anther set for the older games if they are re-made!
But for now these are just PERFECT!
Fully Colored, each one has it's own design and color through out the books!
it would have been nice if the book cover colors matched the games better.
Such as Ocarina Of Time's is purple....Why is it Purple? but it does have the original AND mirrored play though so that's good.
It's in the shadow Temple, Spirit Temple Order.
Twilight is a Nice Brown color, I can see why spirit tracks is Green.
I and my husband think Ocarina Of Time book and the Hour Glass book should have switched cover colors.

No. 34,622 /50,000
This box set is a wonderful addition to any Legend of Zelda collection! This set includes 6 Prima Guides, a metal bookmark, a certificate of authenticity, and a magnetic-closure treasure chest. The Prima guides included are for the games: Ocarina of Time 3D, Spirit Tracks, Phantom Hourglass, Wind Waker HD, Twilight Princess, and Skyward Sword. The guides speak for themselves, they walk you through all aspects of these games, giving you tips and help to complete the games. All of the books are high-quality hard cover, with gold-edged pages. I am a huge fan of the Legend of Zelda, and this box set was a perfect addition to my collection. I would recommend this box set to any fan of this franchise, plus the price on Amazon can't be beat!
I was so glad when the released the guide revisions to some of the main Zelda games. Some I had, but they were paperback and falling apart from use and flipping through. These are really nice, have a nice way to keep them together, and will endue a lot.
I was more than astounded by this!!! It was so amazing and its a must for anyone that collects Zelda related items. The whole thing was packaged so it wouldn't be damaged and it arrived in fantastic condition! The material the chest is made of it very durable and won't break easily! I highly recommend getting this
Perfect addition to any game collection. The books came in excellent shape and I'm very pleased! Well worth the 100 dollars
This is a really great set of player's guides for the recent Zelda games and I would recommend it to all fans of the Zelda games.
Every page is a dream come true, I wish they released more things like this, ou yeah!!
Regards for every zelda fan!
Very Impressive!

My son LOVED this collection.  He uses it religiously when he is playing the game.  Well worth the price!
Huge Zelda fan since I was 7.  I am really glad I got this set.  Brand new and great for a collector.
This is the perfect collection for any Zelda fan.  I have all the games that are in this box, so being an amateur collector, I had to get this box set
This was a gift for my son and he loved it! The only issue was that the bookmark was bent'. Minor issue
This is really quite the treat for collectors. The presentation is stunning - from the fun box to the sturdy books to the certificate proving the uniqueness of your set. For the hardcore Zelda fan this both useful for strategy and cool as a keepsake.
I haven't opened these. I have paperback versions that I use. I wanted this as a collectible only.a a a
Just amazing.  High quality and all the Zelda feels.  Do yourself a favor and get this.  A must have in any crazy Zelda fan's arsenal.
The quality of a couple things was not as quite as I see expected.  Overall it was still worth it, some of my friends really like it
Since Legend of Zelda is one of my favorite Video Games Series, the second I saw this Box Set of Collectors Editions Strategy Guide...I had to have it.  So if your a Zelda fan, and a Collector of Hardcover Strategy Guides, then this box set has to be in your collection...PERIOD!
Came on time and was a great purchase. Perfect for any Legend of Zelda fan out there. Only downside is that it doesn't come with any special items if you would buy the collector's edition in stores, but still wonderful as it comes with the rare and unreleased collector's edition of Ocarina of Time 3D.
I bought this to add to my zelda collection if your into Zelda you will love it. The case is pretty well built and the laser etched book mark is surprisingly well crafted I would definitely recommend
I got this for a gift for my son who collects everything Zelda. He loves it. The books are very good quality, and the chest is nice too. It is well worth what I paid, and made my son happy.
I bought this set for my son. I am not a gamer, so I will state what I know about quality, and what my son has shared with me.

I was quite impressed with the quality of the books. Hard covered, gilded edge pages, good binding.

My son is thrilled with the content. Good graphics and he says the information is helpful.
If you're an avid Zelda collector, this is totally worth it! I am very pleased with the quality of the box and the game guides are beautifully printed. Love it!
I pre-ordered to get this last year as a Christmas present for myself from my parents. Upon receiving it, it was handled with great care. I had left it closed until earlier today because I just had to hold the guides in hands. I took the plastic off and opened the chest. I was without a doubt worthy of 5 stars, that is until I look more closely. At first, I had only taken out the Wind Waker HD and spent 15 minutes preparing the spine for reading. When I was finished, I took out the next guide, Skyward Sword, and immediately saw a scratch on the upper backside of the spine. Upon further observations, I noticed that there were small dents near the bottom of the spine and even what appears to be some hot glue coming from the bottom of the binding. I was expecting something I would be fond of for years to come not something that would ruin my day the first day I were to open it.

Pros:
- best price
- great themed case
- love the style of the covers
- loved the bookmark and letter of authenticity

cons:
- poor craftsmanship ruined my day

Conclusion:
  It's an amazing product if and only if you don't mind what appears to be poor handling before distribution.
This is a very quality collection of these hardcover strategy guides. I already owned all of them except the Ocarina of Time 3d guide, so I don't mind not getting the other things that came with the originals. Also, I'm not sure why other reviews have complained about this, collector's editions are collector's editions for a reason. If you wanted the extras, you should buy the original version of the CE guide. The metal bookmark that comes with these guides looks beautiful though it had a couple very small blemishes on the surface of one side. Magnetic lid closes nicely. The only thing I could want more in this is if it made the sound from the games of obtaining an important item from a chest when you opened it. That would make this complete. Great product!
I was a bit disappointed that Prima didn't redo all their Guides and include them in this set. Just because the games are old doesn't mean they are not loved and well played to this day. It frustrates me that I now have other Prima guides sitting outside this box not in the cool collector's covers that don't fit this theme at all.

I didn't take off for that though because I purchased this product knowing the older guides were not included so that wouldn't be fair. As far as what is included it is perfect!
The chest is sturdy and will last forever if you take care of it and is just an awesome touch.
The book covers are just so perfectly Zelda it is amazing.
The Gold leafed pages are just showing off a bit but Gold is a main part of the Zelda theme so it fits even if it is a bit gaudy.
The bookmark is epic and if it wasn't so big I would use it as an actual bookmark for everything I read I love it so much.
The signed certificate is a very nice feature for collectors as well even if it was signed using a machine (no way that poor guy signed 50,000 of these things).
The actual content of the guides is first rate. The are very complete, have wonderful pictures, and if you want to know how to get a specific item or sidequest or something it is in there.

Wonderful product even if it is incomplete.
Bought this for my husband, whom LOVES Zelda. He'd had it picked out for a few months, and it was more than he expected. It's a great collectors item
With all of the Zelda titles out there, collector's edition guides have been piling up. This is a great limited edition, all-in-one package for a Nintendo, specifically Legend of Zelda, fan. Much higher quality box than I expected, and a great price that beats all other competitors.
A must have for a Legend of Zelda collector! I loved the chest box and guides have great quality, My husband loves it :)
Great gift set just as expected a must have for any zelda fan. Will keep for ever priced fair too
This box set was wonderful!!!!!  While some would have not liked the price, trust me it is well worth it!!!  If you are a Zelda fan this is a must have!
Love the set, my son is very pleased with the contents and he and his girlfriend are huge Zelda players.
The box looks really awesome, and with my A Link Between Worlds guide, and the Hyrule Historia, it really makes the collection look great. The strategy guides helped, too. Totally worth it for the collectibility.
The contents of the chest were in great condition. When I received my product, it was in a box three times as large as the Zelda chest. The box was falling apart. I got the treasure chest out of the box and noticed the bottom of the chest was damaged and ripping. Please be cautious when purchasing.
This is a very beautiful box set! The way the books slide out with a pull ribbon is a nice added touch, the gold book mark, the gilded pages of each book is stunning

The down side is that it's so beautiful it's hard to want to use the books for strategy guides!
It's very intimidating!

I've heard this is the only way to get HD Windwaker guide and 3DS Ocarina of Time?
So if that is true then that will be a selling point for players

The treasure box is very adorable and the magnetic clasping is very nice

I wouldn't recommend using the Zelda bookmark...as it might tarnish easily or get handling marks on it

Even though a lot of the Prima guides don't flow well in some of the strategy : IE they leave parts out or forget to cover some events or omit some map layouts,
I still recommend this for the visual appeal
Bought it thinking it was overpriced, well it wasn't. Totally worth my 100 bucks, the books are all amazing, the box has a better quality than i thought, the metal is amazing, super high quality, recommend to ANY zelda fan, even if you already have one of the books, the rest makes up for it!
these were a gift and my son loved it.  Great quality and the box with extras had such a great look
I bought it for my son.  He said it was nicely wrapped and presented.  The guides are very helpful and he is thoroughly enjoying the gift.
I bought this for my son for Christmas and he was very pleased.  He collects these items and is adding it to his collection
I keep this in my room at all times, and I haven't even opened the guides. Seriously, the thing is an honest to God work of art, even if it admittedly mass produced and manufactured. Give me more please!!!
These books are much higher quality than the standard release strategy guides.  Obviously the books are hardbound allowing them to be more durable, but also the pages are printed on 80lb paper so they are thicker more durable pages than the original magazine releases.  The material has also been revised from the original print so they are the most complete and accurate of the guides to date.  I just received my guides recently and I have copy number 49647 of 50000.  When these are gone Prima has said that they will not be reprinted.  They have also released a collector's guide individually for A Link Between Worlds that I grabbed as well.  Again the quality of the information inside is excellent as is the quality of these books that will surely become collector's items.  Here's hoping they also release books for Majora's Mask when it inevitably releases on the 3DS as well as the new Zelda adventure for the Wii U later this year or Spring 2015, whenever it is ready.
I got this collection cause I needed the Phantom Hour Glass guide in hardback as well as Ocarina of Time for the 3ds cause its the only way to get it. this collection is a really great price through Amazon, I saved about 50 bucks through them.
The collectors editions are beautiful books in their own right.  I wish they would do majoras mask as well so it would be all of them since the late 90s but such is life.

My only possible complaint is the treasure chest box should make the treasure finding sound (you all know exactly the sound I'm referring too).  And maybe have the box oversized so it could fit in the Link between worlds collectors edition strategy guide (same size and design as these so is part of the collection.)
This was a gift to my son and he was very happy with all the different zelda features these books had to offer I will purchase more items as time goes on...thank you
amazing

cool awesome interesting guides of the legend of Zelda

excellent collectors edition item

great for Zelda fans

super cool
I already have all the Zelda Collectors edition guides but I decided to purchase this as well just to add to my collection. Everything is so great in this little box I recommend it to any fan that either missed out the first time or if you're a collector since they come with specially marked numbers.
I was thoroughly impressed by the items in the set. All books are crisp and beautifully bound. The marker adds a touch that seems just right. The certificate is what you expect. The box itself is the only let down being a covered cardboard or some such material.
Got this for my son who is a big fan. He loves it. I recommend this for any Zelda fan.
This was a gift for my boyfriend because he is on a huge Zelda kick. He loves it! It arrived early and in perfect condition! The books inside look beautiful and the treasure box looks great too! Less expensive on amazon compared to elsewhere too!
I chose this rating because this set was a Christmas gift and my son was so thrilled to receive it. The quality of the books are exceptional.  I would recommend the purchase of this set to anyone who is a fan of Zelda's games.
Fantastic quality product. Completely worth what I payed for it. Everything was very high quality not to mention the exclusives that came with it (i.e expanded Skyward Sword Guide/Ocarina of Time 3D collecters edition guide)
"You got the Prima Guides Zelda Collectors Box Set! You will never see real sunlight again! Happy gaming, Mr. Hero!"

As a Zelda collector, writing a more indepth review would require me to open the box. However, I do have several of the guides already, as I purchased them when I purchased the games, and the guides are always very in depth. Sometimes I think they could use a little more detail on their maps and how to accomplish certain goals...and possibly some more humour would be nice.
It is just as beautiful as I imagined. The small downside is that it is not big enough to hold an extra collector's guide, specifically "A Link Between Worlds", but that's ok...
he loves zelda and loves anything that has to do with zelda so anything will make him happy. he loved the box it came in to. Also the packaging was really good and sturdy
To begin with, the set is a good one if you havnt gotten each individual book already.
The main reasons for getting this are,
Very nice gold colored metal bookmark.
While cheap, book holding chest.
Ocarina of time 3d hardback book
Secondly. The autograph is printed, not hand signed.
Thirdly, if you can find out where it's coming from I would. If it comes from prima directly it's packaged very well.
Im not sure where mine came from but it was in a much larger than needed box with extra paper holding it in place... And the bottom of the chest was damaged because of it.
Finally, the set seems cheap. One of the books in my set had some of the pages bent and the inside cover was dog eared.
I would be weary of getting this set without seeing in person what your getting. You may be pleased or unhappy.
Being a huge fan and collector of Zelda, this set was soso. If the chest hadn't been damaged and my book not messed up it would have given it 4 stars. Damaged by both manufacturing and shipping.
I really like to have this in my collection I put this in my room and show it off as much as I can
Well worth it, high quality hard cover books with beautiful graphics! My son flipped his lid when he opened it on Christmas day!
I am a Zelda fan and I am absolutely delighted to add this to my collection. Any die hard Zelda fan would and should add this to their collection as well.
The other books, if you buy them separately, come with maps, and Spirit Tracks, even comes with a bookmark. This trunk came with a metal book mark, and the trunk was like a cheapy box, with no definition, covered with cell shaded trunk paper. It was VERY disappointing. None of the books came with the original maps, or bookmark, they, were empty. I suppose that cheap metal book mark is supposed to make up for it? NOT TO EVEN MENTION that they have a new book out now, that won't fit. ... Great. Ummm. What now, I'm thinking to myself. I wouldn't waste your money if you've been faithfully been collecting like I have been just for the paper trunk, a WTF certificate of "authenticity", and a metal book mark, The extra content, I haven't checked out yet, but I bet they just fixed all the spelling errors!
You guys rock, it's perfect. The price was awesome too; the best price on the web. Thank you Amazon you made Christmas fun this year.
Purchased for a 14 year old boy who thought it was the coolest thing ever.  The books are hardcover, sturdy, and free of defects.  The metal plated bookmark very cool, and the certificate of authenticity, while not the best selling point given the high #, was super cool by a teen boys standards.  The box that it comes in is thick cardboard.  This set would have been PERFECT if it came in some sort of wooden crate.  I would have been willing to pay extra for a deluxe version.  As it was, this set was a very good price and made for a pretty darned happy kid on Christmas morning.
Everything in this chest is just awesome. Love the chest and definitely the metal bookmark that comes with everything else.
This set is just simply amazing! All the books are printed so amazing, including the golden page edges. This is a must have for all Zelda collectors who are fond of the games! And the never before Ocarina of Time 3D guide is the "Wham-Bam-Thank you-Ma'am!" that completes this magnificent box set!
Top of the line Zelda collectible item!! A must-have for a Legend of Zelda hardcore collector.  Price was fair.  Awesome
But i'm not gonna lie, it sorta just sits there, aging like the master sword. I am however perfectly fine with that. The production quality is amazing. Most of the books i've purchased in the past few months have their papers falling out of their binding. definitely a must buy for fans.
It came right on time, This is good for all zelda fans, both readers and collectors. This is worth the price for all zelda fans!!!!
For a zelda collector this is a must have!  I love that this set was put together.  Nice chest it was placed in.
Gorgeous presentation. Prime shipped quickly and in perf condition. Bought this for my boyfriend who loves the Zelda series and he loves it!! Great collectible.
Excellent product. The collector in me loves it. The guide books are beautiful and the treasure chest looks good as a novelty in any game room.
I'm an avid Zelda collector and love almost all of the games. I also enjoy collecting some nice books that are mostly all hardcover and made well for long lasting use.

This set is just not good quality all around. Let's start off with the bad:

-All of the books have a huge scent of glue upon opening it, as well as "goops" of glue all around the binding clumping pages together.
-Gild is already wearing off on some of the books upon opening the set
-Badly bound - this is the biggest deal breaker here. It's not sewn and it's a 'perfect binding' which is the least reliable of the sort. Pages will fall out with light use as has been the case with many, many books with this type of binding.
-General scuffs around the books and bookmark - not up to 'collector' standard, a lot of tiny scuffs here and there on all items inside.

The Good:

-The box (chest) feels very good, much better than other cardboard box sets. It feels nice and rigid for what it is. No problems there.
-The game guides themselves provide great amount of content
-The bookmark, besides the few little scuffs, is fantastic. Really nice.

All in all, the binding is the biggest deal breaker for me. It is basically just a paperback glued to a hardcover and provides no real advantage over paperbacks. Pages falling out with ease is not my definition of a collector's set and definitely would not pay the asking price for it.
The packaging for this item was great. Came in styrofoam and air packages.
All books are beautiful and in tack. They do NOT come with the original collectors edition extras, however I was aware of that when I purchased it.
This book set is a new collectors edition all on it's own.
I really enjoyed seeing my number of which I ordered.
I pre-ordered this item back in July but shipping was prompt and exact with dates.
This arrived a little late  none the less i could not get the smile off my face. Nintendo have put a huge effort into create quality walkthroughs of the Zelda franchise so far cant wait for Majoras Mask Remake
Quality material, upgraded version of some guides, very beautiful! It is absolutely must-have item for any Zelda fan's collection !
The only down side is that these guides are not from Nintendo, so there's very little original art work and a lot of information. How ever the hardcover and golden side shets make it an elegant product.
For Zelda fans, for collectors, this product is a (almost) must-have. Even if you don't use the books, they come in a neat packaging, with a note from Aonuma-san.
Prima Official Game Guides always bring every detail of the game, and these books follow that line.
I was thoroughly pleased with this purchase.  Considering the great quality, I found that the overall price was quite affordable.  The shipping was fast, and the item was packaged very carefully to avoid damage.  The guides themselves are stunning.  The golden designs give them a very classy look.  The walkthroughs are in depth, and perfect for someone who is stuck, wanting to 100% complete the game, or just for a collector's item.  I also love the golden design of the bookmark.  It is glossy and serves its purpose well.  The chest is handy for holding all these guides, and serves as a nice showpiece. I was also very enthusiastic to receive a certificate of authenticity, included in each set.  If you're a fan of The Legend of Zelda, I would definitely reccommend this before it's sold out!
[...]

Click here to watch the content detailed and see comparison wih other Zelda collector's edition guides from Prima.

Thank you!
Collectors edition box set with 6 guides for some of the greatest Zelda games ever! just makes wanting to play all of the zelda games over again just to use the guides, the gold laser etched bookmark is a nice touch as well.
As a big Zelda fan this treasure chest is magnificent and since I own all of these games it was a no brainer for me. As i've gotten older it's been harder to enjoy Zelda games because of their vastness and depth so i was really happy to see that now i don't have to worry about missing something in each game because now i have a gorgeous guide for each game from the last decade. The golden bookmark is is beautiful and the chest looks like its from Wind Waker. The guides are printed as top class books that look luxurious and are marvelous to read through. If you love LoZ and own these games get this before they're gone.
An amazing set of guides. All top notch quality.  Only downside is they don't come with a map that you would have gotten if you purchased the guide when it originally released.  Book mark is excellent as well and the gloss on the chest is epic.
just a great item to have for any zelda enthusiest. even if you don't ever use them for a play thru they just look amazing and the bookmark is awsome.
Beautiful box set. Definitely worth the money if you're a big Zelda geek like me. Really happy that the box isn't crappy. That was my only concern to be honest.
the books are amazing but the "chest" they come in is poorly made. kindve hoped that something this expensive would've been made better.
Really love this box set. Everything was as pictured and it's really well made. The only thing disappointing was that it didn't come with the extras you would have gotten if you bought the books separately.
Upon opening the sealed box Collector's Edition box set, we discovered that the Twighlight Princess book had a huge gouge down the entire spine. Very disappointing considering the price and wait for the box set. It was a gift for my wife and turned out to be a big let down.
This is absolutely fantastic. When I picked up the amazon box at the door, I was taken by surprise by its weight...perhaps I should've looked at that in the description! I gently opened it and unsnapped the magnetic seal to reveal a gorgeous gold-plated bookmark with etched logos. The hardcover guides are beautiful with gilded edges and he certificate of authenticity is nicely tucked away in an envelope. As others have said, it would be nice if they included room for A Link Between Worlds, but it's not that big a deal. If you are a diehard Zelda fan, GET THIS WHILE YOU CAN!
Arrived in some very secure packaging from Prima themselves.  Overall it is what I expected except for a few small things:

1. None of the bonus maps/posters/bookmarks that originally came with the Twilight Princess, Phantom Hourglass, or Spirit Tracks guides are included.

2. One highly usual thing is that the Twilight Princess guide is a reprint of the original one from 2006 and not the revised edition from 2007 which had 16 more pages of expanded content.  Seems like a really weird move to not have used that revised edition for this boxset.

3. And finally, why no space for the Link Between Worlds guide?  Would have been great since that came out at the same time.
I  cannot express to you how happy I am to have received such an amazing box set. The Legend of Zelda has always been a very special franchise to me, and I could not pass the opportunity up when I saw this item. I really cannot say much more than the other 5-star reviews already have, but wow, what a great steal. BUY THESE BOOKS NOW. Seriously, right now. The price listed here on Amazon is unbeatable, and the prices will surely go up. I paid just shy of $18 for each book considering the total price I ended up paying (oh yeah, and free shipping). This is BEFORE all of the other features of the set, such as the sturdy bookmark, certificate of authenticity, and chest container. I think it is very well worth it by all standards.
Now, my set had only a few minor flaws that I felt should be pointed out but do not subtract my overall score because they are, as I mentioned, relatively minor. My bookmark has several small scratches on the back of it that I had noticed directly after I had pulled it out. It's a shame... It's quite a nice looking bookmark. Another thing to note is the fact that some of the golden gilded pages were not entirely, well, gilded. There were a few spots on various books that had tiny amounts of the golden paint missing. Where it is lacking, the edges look slightly darker than the surrounding area. Overall, just a tad bit disappointing, but nothing that will make me disregard the amazing features of the entire set.
I love these game guides and hope to find ones more like them in the future.
Great set for any Zelda fan.
Although I am sad that the maps that came with the first prints weren't included it is still fantastic set!
This collection is OUTSTANDING in terms of quality and appearance.  Over the years, I have purchased most of these guides and got the additional materials that were included with them (though these were not replicated for the guides in this collection unfortunately).  If ever you were looking for a nice collection of books concerning The Legend of Zelda or to aid in completing the games, this set is DEFINITELY for you.

PROS:

1)  Quality:  The outer box resembles a treasure chest, the likes of which Link finds all across Hyrule (and many other worlds connected to it).  It is a sturdy cardboard coated with a gloss-like finish, and it seems to have a magnetic clasp built in to keep the top closed.  On the roof of the top, when opened, is a slot containing a metallic (yes, metallic, not vinyl or cardboard) bookmark that has been beautifully etched by what appears to be laser.  It contains the logo of the series on one side and the crest of the Royal Family of Hyrule on the other, making for a very attractive (and unexpectedly greater quality) bookmark.  The books themselves all appear to be of slightly better quality than their original prints (which had binding problems and easily tore in some instances).

2)  Additional Goodies:  The most obvious additional item (and most sought after in time I am sure) would be the guide for Ocarina of Time 3D, which is only available through this set (of which only 50,000 exist).  I have examined it, and it is a VERY nice guide for the game, and as beautifully put together as its companion guides.  Another obvious extra is the metallic bookmark, which is really one of the nicest bookmarks I have seen honestly.  Also, something else extra that may be easy to miss is this:  some of the materials in this print of the guides have been expanded upon (the number of pages in Skyward Sword's guide has increased by 100 if that tells you anything).

3)  Collectible Status:  The set comes with a certificate of authenticity that includes a stamped number out of 50,000 and with the printed message and signature of Eiji Aonuma.  It marks the set as one out of 50,000 which indicates its collectible status and will almost certainly indicate an increase in value as time goes on.

4)  Packaging:  I have NEVER seen such good packaging for any item I have bought online as I have for this one.  The box the collection was shipped in is a good middle size containing two foam-like holding pieces that fit onto each end of the chest/box which hold it in place (and suspend it both above the shipping box's bottom and below the shipping box's top) and ensures that the package will not move around inside the shipping box at all during transport.  I intend to keep the shipping box and packaging the collection came in to transport it again when I am ready to move.  You can definitely rest assured that the collection will not suffer damage during shipping.

CONS:

1)  Lack of Previous Additional Materials:  As indicated before, the previous materials included with the previous print of these guides were not included, nor the map from the recently released Wind Waker HD guide.  This is a small complaint, as Twilight Princess's guide originally came with a cloth map of Hyrule, the Phantom Hourglass guide came with a vinyl bookmark of its own, and the Spirit Tracks guide originally came with a printed map of Hyrule.  While this is a regrettable exclusion, one should also take note that those materials were fairly cheaply made.  Hence, you're not missing out on much in that regard.

2)  Exclusion of ALBW Guide:  It is a shame that the makers of the collection did not have the foresight to include the recently released collector's guide for A Link Between Worlds in this collection, and considering they came out basically at the same time they easily could have.  This is a minor complaint, as the guide for A Link Between Worlds is of course available for purchase and comes with a collector's lithograph of the primary image from A Link Between Worlds.  Still, it would have been nice to have gotten them all together in one fell swoop, though of course this would have increased the size and weight of the package even more than it already is (and trust me, it weighs a good amount).

BOTTOM LINE:  This is an AWESOME set that will make any collector ecstatic to possess for not only its vast wealth of knowledge concerning the games it covers, but also for its beauty, craftsmanship and quality.  If you have not already gotten these guides, I STRONGLY encourage you to pick up this set while you are able to (there are only 50,000 in existence).  And if you have already gotten some of these guides as I had, I encourage you to still pick up this set and possibly sell your older copies as I plan to.  I plan to keep the extras that came with the previous printings of the guides and sell the guides themselves, as I now have this collection and no longer have any need for them.  The mere inclusion of the Ocarina of Time 3D guide (which apparently is not going to be released outside this set according to the publishers) alone should be a pretty good reason to get this collection, and after seeing it in person, I couldn't agree more that it was indeed worth it.
Just got my set today and it is wonderful! The magnetic chest looks very nice, and the metallic bookmark is gorgeous! The gilded pages are beautiful and I love the hylian symbol on the front. The only defect (for me anyway) is the spirit tracks guide. The cover was either bound wrong to the pages, the pages were bound wrong to the cover, or the gold details on the front were put upside down - as when you hold the guide upright or what should be the "upside" based on the hylian symbol, the pages are upside-down and facing to the right! I still love the set though and the others are fine. But it is weird opening the guide and having either the pages or the hylian symbol upside down lol
A must have collection for any hardcore Zelda fan. Nicely put together hardcover books with certificate and metallic bookmark as well.
Unlike the packing for the seperate collectors guides(crappy amazon book envelopes that get into bear fights with ups and ends up on your doorstep in "used" condition) this set comes protected to the hilt and looks great. Kudos to prima for the set AND for making sure we got it in great packaging!
High quality magnetic chest box! This is so gorgeous and would be an excellent gift for any Zelda lover!
Hurry and get your copy before they run out. Only 50k were made!
Came packaged amazingly so that the collector box did not dent or anything.
I do not mind that the cloth maps were not in the books since I've heard that the quality for them were not that great.
The bookmark and certificate all make up for it, also the "chest" the items came in.
For $107, this is a bargain! The books separately are at least $30 each.
This is a perfect LoZ collectors item.
This is one of the coolest box sets I've ever purchased. I like the minimalism of the books themselves. Hylian crest and gold embellishments around the borders, different color for each game, titles on spine. They simply look amazing. The chest box is pretty cool too, but I'm not as impressed with it since I generally prefer to display books in the traditional upright position on a bookshelf. But it's a great tie-in to the games since opening chests is always something you associate with Zelda games.

My only regrets are paying extremely high prices for individual new/sealed guides a year ago before this set was announced. I paid closer to $200 to get them all brand new on eBay. This set will surely devalue my existing ones since I'm planning on now reselling them. But I had to get this set since it included the OoT 3D guide that you can't get separately.

I really don't get why they would release this set so close to the guide for A Link Between Worlds. Did no one have the foresight to either include a blank spot for the new guide, or actually include the new guide in this set? In a way it makes the set feel instantly out of date right at release. But oh well, not that big of a deal. I will be purchasing that one separately before it also becomes sold out everywhere and triples in price like Twilight Princess did.
this is a great price on this set, the treasure chest is a great addiiton. they are limited to 50k so buy it up!
This is an amazing edition to and Zelda fan's collection. I don't understand why they didn't either a)leave a spot for the link between worlds guide or b)include it in the bundle. Especially since it was released at the same time as the game
JUST AMAZING! I didn't expect each guide to come with the special maps or extras that went with them on the original prints. I just knew I was getting guides, a fancy bookmark and fancy box. This is the set for the die hard. I'm super excited and glad I purchased this!
In recent memory, strategy guides have become less of a necessity and more of a collector's item.  For every game nowadays there is a guide to accompany it.  Sometimes there's a collector's edition guide as well.  For collector's these are sometimes a lot of fun.  For Zelda fans that enjoy Zelda lore this collection is a fantastic buy.  There is a limited number in print and it's simply amazing to behold.  It's great packaging and actually has things in there specifically for collectors.

Before I begin I want to stress that this review won't be going into the content of each guide.  With the exception of the Skyward Sword guide, each of these guides is exactly the same as their standard (and separately released) collector's edition counterpart.  The reason Skyward Sword is not the same is because this copy was revised and expanded upon.  Aside from that, the other five guides are largely unchanged from their original releases.  There are subtle differences but nothing that greatly changes the actual content in the guide.

To begin, the guides come packaged in a box that looks like a chest.  When you open it up there are six hardbound guides in there.  The covers all look very similar.  Each one having an embossed Hyrule symbol on them.  The covers and the borders are different on each guide.  The six guides included are for Twilight Princess, Phantom Hourglass, Spirit Tracks, Ocarina of Time 3D, Skyward Sword and the Windwaker HD.  All the guides have gold leaf pages that are shiny when looking at them from the side.

There are a couple of things to note about the guides themselves.  The first is that it seems just a little strange that the guides themselves are not actually individually shrink wrapped.  This seems a little odd.  It's not that big of a deal but when you open the packaging they're already loose.  Considering each original release came shrink wrapped it's a little strange.  Perhaps the thing that some consumers might mind is that none of these guides come with their respective extras.  Anything that was considered a bonus for getting the collector's edition guide isn't here.  Likewise, when this particular collection was announced, The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds simply wasn't planned for the package.  So anyone hoping this guide comes with the collection are out of luck.  That's no big deal.

There are also a couple of things to note here about only a couple of guides.  The first and most obvious is the Ocarina of Time 3D guide.  Prima NEVER actually released a hardcover edition of this guide.  Ever.  This is the first time that Ocarina of Time 3D players will get to grab this guide in hardcover.  Originally the guide was only in paperback.  This makes the collector's value certainly worthwhile as it means that the guide will have much more limited hardcover run than all the other guides here.  This boxset is more or less your only chance to get it.

The second thing of note is that the Skyward Sword guide included here is NOT the same as the one originally published.  It has been revised and expanded.  Even the layout is very different from the original guide itself.  It has been revised and expanded by over 100 pages.  It is almost a completely new guide from the original one that was released.  So yes, this one too is a rarity because you won't have much luck finding it outside of this particular box set.

There are a couple of subtle differences between some guides and the originals.  Most notably is the Ocarina of Time 3D guide.  The original guide was around 224 pages and written in three columns.  Here it's 288 pages and is written in two columns.  It's a lot easier to read and a lot cleaner as a result.  Much of the text isn't so cramped.  Some moments in the Ocarina of Time 3D guide pop out a lot easier.  It just looks better and more organized overall.  The Legendary Checklist in the Ocarina of Time Guide is also better looking.  The tables are easier to read and easier on the eyes.  Likewise, the Legendary Checklist in the Twilight Princess Guide is A LOT easier to read and A LOT less cramped.  In the original guide the entire checklist was on a single page with just the location.  Here it's expanded to be in a table format, the font is bigger and it now lets you know your first chance to complete it as well as telling you what's required.  The Phantom Hourglass and Spirit Tracks guides are virtually unchanged from their initial releases.  The Windwaker HD is pretty much the same as well.  So for those wondering about whether or not they've changed some things from the original guides, the answer is yes.  Quite simply put some of them are a tad easier to read.

The set also came with a few bonuses of note.  The first and probably most valuable of all, is that you get a certificate of authentication from Eijo Aonuma that is signed and numbered.  The second is a laser etched metallic bookmark.  For collectors this package is a pretty sweet deal.  It's invaluable.  The only thing I wish we could've gotten would have been to actually get all the extras the guides themselves actually came with.  It is more or less the only thing I feel is missing and keeping it from being a complete package.  Part of what made the guides collector's editions aside from the hardcovers was actually getting little bonuses that didn't come with the guide otherwise.

Nevertheless, for the fan of Zelda this is a good buy.  But let's be clear.  If you are buying this, chances are it is probably not to actually utilize the guides themselves.  After all, many of the games these guides are for have been out for a while and, truthfully, you could just buy them on their own if you really wanted them for strategy.  They are a collector's item.  And it is certainly a nice one.
I have been looking forward to receiving this set since I learned about and pre-ordered it back in August. I am a huge Zelda fan and always wanted to get my hands on the strategy guides, but never seemed to get around to buying them when they first released and, over time, they became very expensive. This works out great because we can get all of the Collector's Edition guides, plus one never released and only available in this set (Ocarina of Time) for a great price - each guide ends up being less than $20 each not including the packaging.

As other have said, the packaging is wonderful. The treasure chest box is better quality than I had anticipated and the gold, metal etched bookmark is gorgeous! The actual shipping packaging was great, as well - very well protected with lots of foam so it arrived in pristine shape.

The guides themselves are gorgeous! Great detail and amazing artwork. I also love how the paper edges are golden - it gives it a very classy look. I have yet to actually read through them, let alone use them, so I can't say how accurate and useful they are, but I am sure the do their job and then some. I was very concerned about the Skyward Sword guide because the reviews for the original version were absolutely terrible. Fortunately, however, I read that it has been updated to meet the quality of all of the other guides, so that was a huge sigh of relief.

I do have a few gripes for this set, though. They are quite minor in the grand scheme of things, so it didn't kill it for me too much - they are just things I wish they would have included.

First, I am very disappointed that no guides were made for the older Zelda games, i.e. Zelda I and II for NES, Link to the Past for SNES, LInk's Awakening for Gameboy, etc. I wouldn't even mind if they threw several games into one or two books to make it more efficient - it would just have been nice to have guides for every Zelda game in one set.

Second, I was disappointed they didn't leave an empty slot for A Link Between Worlds. They've had this planned for a while and have had to have known the game was coming out the same time as this, as well as the collector's edition guide. Not a huge deal, but again... would have been a nice consideration.

Third (and this is just something I would have thought to be cool - not dinging this set at all for not doing it) it would have been INCREDIBLE if they had some sort of audio device inside that makes the chest opening music from say Ocarina of Time when you open it - similar to when you open a greeting card with pre-recorded messages. Perhaps someday I will figure out how to do it myself - until then I will have to just sing the tune myself :)

Finally, I am sad that some of the bonus content that came with the guides when they were originally released weren't included. I will be honest, I don't know which guides came with what, but I have seen others complain about this, stating that Twilight Princess in particular came with a few goodies.

Overall, I am very happy with this set. For Zelda fans, it is a must buy especially if you don't own many or any of these guides already. Thanks for reading!
This is a very good source book for Edge of the Empire.  Gives some new species and ships and loads of info!
The group I presently run decided early that they wanted to run a sort of loose paramilitary outfit. This is their first time playing and my first time GMing...well, anything.

1. Quality
The book itself is wonderfully bound and detailed. The art is wonderfully engaging and lightens up what can otherwise be a terribly dreary read chock full of statistics and text-walls (a la D20 system books.) It contains some great images of weapon schematics to give GMs and players a better idea of what it is they will be getting their hands on. It's new rule sets are a little vague on occasion, but that's fairly normal for such an abstract narrative focus game.

2. Content
This is a GREAT. Book for medium-heavy combat oriented groups. Even if a group isn't focused in such a way, the resources provided here are largely helpful to ideas on theme. It also helps detail mercenary groups who may be working against the PCs, so even if a GMs players aren't currently focusing on getting into big trouble, trouble may find them. It also helps lay out the RP elements for prospective Hired Guns and other mercenary types that do not conform to the class. It has a large selection of new near-military grade weapons, explosives (for which new rules have been outlined) and assault ships.

3. Complaints
One or two introduced elements are incredibly overpowered or, at the very least, raise difficult questions about their limitations. One of the mods in particular allows players to fire a weapon without using hands but does not identify whether it counts as a second or even third weapon in the case of attacking.
But really the biggest problem with both class books so far has been the infamous signature abilities. These range from nearly useless to absolutely narrative breaking, inducing instant, unstoppable mass-slaughter or near invincibility in the case of the HG. That however is my only real complaint, and it is entirely optional. I and my players decided to strike the purchase of the abilities on the grounds that they were severely overpowered for the most part.
Breezed through a bit of it but it's extremely exciting. Finally added some new weapon and armor attachments such as the Pistol Grip which lets any blaster or carbine that doesn't have an encumbrance rating be used as a 1 handed Ranged (light) weapon with only a setback die! Targeting lasers and other optics add some cool effects and they've added a bunch of new pistols with high HP for modding out. Tons of awesome weapons and possibilities and I have just one word for armor, "powered"...

Don't worry, plenty of ships and new attachments for those as well!

All I can say is if you've been wanting to buy a supplement book and haven't yet, this is a great one to start with!
I purchased this game disk as a Christmas gift for my mother. When loading the games, it installs all the games with a single tile in each game. This means you have a screen of 50+ tiles all the same. There is no way to play it. I tried contacting Viva Media and SelectSoft to find out if this was a defective DVD. I cannot get a response from them. Don't waist your money.
I loved this game so much that I bought my 65 year old father a Nintendo Ds game and introduced Photo frenzy to him... he is addicted, he loves it!
This is a very fun game if you like the photo hunt type of games !! The easy levels can still be hard and it is very addictive and hard to put down .Tons of replay value and it is an awesome game to just zone out to . Kids will have fun with it too ! I am new to the DSI and it has been hard finding games that are fun to play for an adult, that last over 2 hours .. This was a good find and even better for the price
I like this game it keeps you going for more. As you start thinking you know where the difference is it will give a scene that hasn't been played at all. You do need to take 20 minutes break, this game does make my eyes get blurry, but it is so fun to play.
This game is way too easy for adults.  For kids, it's great.  I wish they made one for adults though with more difficulty levels.
This is the find the difference in two photos game.  If you like that sort of game, like I do, it's fun to play.  The only thing I don't like is every once in a while to pass the round you have to solve this puzzle (remember the cheap puzzle toys when you were a kid where you had to slide around 15 blocks to make a picture in a 4x4 block frame), and I never liked those puzzles, even as a kid.  Because of this "bonus" feature, I didn't give the game 5 stars.
If there was a way of turning off the timer or adjusting it, I'd give this game 4 or 5 stars. It's VERY irritating to be timed constantly especially when you get to the hard puzzles. I wonder how they came up with the amount of time they give you? It's NOT enough. And that's a deal breaker for me. Sometimes I just want to relax and take as long as I want! If this would bother you too, DON'T buy it!!
My wife saw our grand daughter playing this game so she got one for herself. Her sister saw her playing it and liked it so my wife bought this copy for her sister. It will give you hours of enjoyment with a little bit of frustration.
I didn't enjoy this game nearly as much as I hoped to. It's repetitive, and the Nintendo DS screen is often much too small to effectively seek out the differences in the the two images. I can't recommend this game for the Nintendo DS format, not in good conscience. It's a headache-maker.
get this game figured out! It was a huge waste. I thought we would be able to do the puzzles it advertized, but it makes you find hidden things in pictures .. very difficult.. this is not a wheres waldo level. This is really hard! Very unhappy!
it was fun finding the differences in the pictures, but it got boring when the same pictures kept comming up. it would have been better NOT to have a time limit on these games.  that just makes it harder and frustrating for beginners like me.  i am handicapped and disabled and don't move that fast.  also i just turned 61, so i'm not that fast mentally either.  there should be an option to choose if you want it to be timed or not.  there should be that option on ALL games.
I am great at solving games i get within either a day or a couple of days so i am constantly buying new games. Well this one has me stumped. I can't get past this certain level so right now I am giving it a break. LOL. The game is fantastic. More for tweens, teens, adults. Not little kids.
It is very, very hard! I bought this game for 20 bucks, and it is worth 50 cents. The cover makes the game look all glamorous, but on the inside, it stinks. The differences on the two pictures are so minor, that they are half a millimeter thick and tall. Also, they give you SO little time to find all 5 DIFFERENCES! Only 15 seconds to find so little differences? Plus, when you find differences, it takes away over 5 seconds of the time you have! This game is stupid. Don't waste your money.
I absolutely love this game.  You may think it is easy to find 5 differences in the pictures but it is really a challenge.  This game will entertain you for hours.  I play it every night. I am still playing the Rookie level which offers just the right challenge for me right now.  Ameteur level is a little more difficult.  I love the Frantic pictures in between and the slider puzzles that you have to complete in order to open more levels of pictures. Get this game. You won't regret it.
I'd love to be here giving it a great review, seeing as I wanted a chess program that Fritz advertises itself as being, but Amazon is pretty much selling a worthless DVD.  I have to register everytime I use this DVD.  I have to remove the whole program and then re-register everytime I want to use it.  What's the freakin point of including a registration number that won't work?  Basically, I have a $20 cup coaster.

Yeah, this isn't exactly a review of the program, so take it for what it is, but beware of the trash you're likely to receive.
Been trying to play this program for about two weeks.  Everything about it seems overly complicated yet poorly programmed.  Difficulty levels seem to vary wildly no matter what settings you choose and the tournament games keep freezing up.  Then I realized the game was not freezing up, but that I could move my opponents pieces but not my own.  Tried doing the online update to see if this would fix the problems and the update kept crashing whenever I tried to install it.  Very frustrating.
Plenty of features and I wouldn't be without it. It was easy to install Rybka as my engine of choice. But ... I just wish Apple would buy the company and do its magic on the whole package. For example you just can't double click on "game.pgn" on your desktop and expect it to open in Fritz. Instead you get the last game you looked at.
I am not going to write a book here because a lot of the others have done a good job in explaining the software. What i wanted to say is that this game teaches,is controlable, looks great, and is good for at anyones level. If you are going to buy a Chess Program this is the one to buy. You will learn alot for sure.
Fritz is arguably the most commercially-successful and popular chess package available. I started using Fritz at version 6 and have purchased most of the upgrades, up to version 10. With each successive version the whole package has gotten better and better though some of the upgrades were more worthwhile than others (one reason I never purchased version 11). Version 12 is a quantum leap forward, though it is still not perfect.

Installation from the DVD was painless and uneventful. However, there is one issue with the installation that bothered me - the installer never installed a desktop icon or a program group, so I needed to navigate to the installation directory, from which I made a shortcut to the application binary on the desktop. After this step, everything has worked smoothly and I can launch the application without issue.

The interface has gotten a huge facelift - this is not a color scheme change or rearrangement of the menus and toolbars, but rather it is a complete overhaul with Windows ribbon controls serving up the components. Normally, I would be wary of such a large change to the overall interface, but ChessBase has done an excellent job of designing the interface and it is very well-organized. There is a learning curve, though, for people who have grown very accustomed to the older ChessBase interface, as some things are a little difficult to find unless you have familiarity... Given a couple of hours of exploration, the interface becomes second nature and finding things becomes easy again.

The Fritz engine itself is a strong one, able to crush practically any human player (including seasoned grandmasters) with ease when used at full playing strength and it holds its own against other top-drawer engines. It is not the strongest engine available, but for the vast majority of players it doesn't need to be the strongest. When using an engine this strong, playing against it is not the most useful activity; where engines of this strength are most useful is in the analysis of games.

Fritz includes several analysis modes, my favorite being full analysis for post-mortem scrutiny of games. The full analysis function works backward through a game and adds move suggestions as well as canned commentary as the selected chess engine evaluates each position. Though the English commentary is not always especially informative (for example, comments like "This is a futile try to save the game" are common), the comments do add a more "personal" touch to the analysis which would otherwise be simply a dump of suggested moves. When the engine finds an especially good move, the commentary is usually a little more helpful.

I found an annoying glitch with the Full Analysis mode. After fully analyzing a game, the interface simply chopped the last quarter of the game from the report, even though I could still iterate through all of the moves. I never could get the rest of the analysis on the screen.

Another very helpful analysis mode is "Infinite Analysis" which takes a single position and continuously analyzes it until the engine is interrupted or the position is changed. This is especially helpful for taking a deep look at a position and trying several what-if scenarios.

Deep position analysis is another mode, as is Monte Carlo, though I have used these so little that I cannot really comment on them.

The last analysis mode I will talk about is "Engine Shootout" which takes a position and feeds it to two or more engines for analysis. These engines evaluate the position and play through, with the intent of determining how the game would proceed and the outcome as a result. Though it's a feature I really don't need, it is something I use occasionally to look at games I have played when the game was unfinished but the outcome wasn't clear. Different engines arrive at different conclusions which makes this even more intriguing.

The Fritz package includes a large database of games, which can be used to explore and analyze. Where I find this database to be most useful is in researching specific styles of play. For example, it is easy to track down all of Tal's games and follow his playing style with the database search functions.

Also included on the DVD is a set of training videos. To be honest I have never found these to be especially helpful but others may very well benefit from them.

The UCI interface continues to improve, so adding in UCI engines is easy and reliable. I have found several weaker engines against which I can play so I have them bound into the interface for playing. I use the Fritz 12 engine for analysis after the fact.

Central to the Fritz interface is access to the ChessBase chess server. Through the interface, players can log into the server, play games, read chess-related news, watch seminars, and observe important matches with live coverage.

There are a couple of different versions to this package. The version sold by ChessBase and its resellers sports a green box whereas the version sold through Viva Media comes in a black box. I noticed an appreciable price difference and I investigated that difference. The software appears to be the same; the real difference is in the access given to the chess server. The more expensive package offers a 1-year premium membership which gives access to all content on the server such as seminars, elite tournament coverage and other content. The less expensive package also offers a 1-year membership but the access is more limited and excludes much of the premium content. Both offer guest access which allows anyone to log in and play games without hindrance, but as a guest so there is no tracking of progress. Which kind of access you desire should be considered when choosing which package you need.

Fritz 12 is a big step forward and is a worthwhile upgrade from previous versions. The engine is stronger and the interface is vastly superior. It is not without its glitches but the problems seem to be few in number.
After I installed the program and played a game and closed the game window there was no way to play again. No icon on the desktop or any play function in the installed game in the computer. Re-installing did not work. Contacted the manufacturer and heard nothing back.
This game is the best chess program out there that I know of. It plays excellent chess and the pieces look nice. However, when you move the ELO slide to the minimum, it plays really hard, about 1100 ELO rating. I played it at this level using Online Chess Kingdom and Chess master (PSP games) at the highest level vs. fritz set to the min level, and so they lost to fritz. It was easy to tell Fritz wasn't playing at 1100 ELO, but closer to 2000. The PS3 version of Fritz doesn't have this shortcoming, you feel drastic changes at different ELO ratings, but this computer version you don't feel much ELO change. Another shortcoming is that the game freezes if you choose the "render light" option, it slows down significantly if you improve all the graphics in the option menu, and the game flashes once in a while. Some windows don't close despite they have the "x". The clicking sound can be deactivated, but it takes some googling time to find out how. On the positive site, the sense of humor is a unique touch, since playing chess can get really quiet. This game could use more chess sets and picture wall papers like in Chess Master. Everything else, I wouldn't change.
This is the real Fritz 12 Single core interface.

The boards look great and I love the wonderful remarks the program makes about my play.
( I am sure I will turn them off at some point)

You can add your own UCI engines and you have a first class chess interface

Highly recommended
As a very casual chess player, I decided to give Fritz 12 a try. The program is smart enough to obliterate just about anyone, but you can play the game at several different difficulty levels. It even has a friend mode where the computer determines how strong a chess player you are and plays at close to your level. This is one tough opponent - even in the friend mode. There are also several "personalities" you can play against. Each personality has preprogrammed strengths and weaknesses (including how badly it blunders). You can also change several of their attributes to make them a stronger or weaker player.

Fritz 12 is packed with training tools. You can set the game up so it suggests opening moves; warns you if a square you are about to move to is under attack; give you hints or suggested moves; tell you what your opponent is planning to do; and much more.

The free beginner training videos are good. There are also several sample videos for other topics included, in hopes you decide to purchase additional training videos.

Even at full price this is a terrific training tool and should certainly help you improve your game, even though you may get a bit frustrated if you like to win.
I gave it an "okay" rating, only because it was a little difficult to figure out how to tone down the playing level.  I've played a little chess all my life, and considered myself to be so-so player.  This game (straight out of the box) handed my @$$ to me in no time flat.  I don't enjoy losing ALL the time.  There's only room to learn, and this program seems to be capable of teaching, so I'm looking forward to that.
For a chess program that has been around so long I expected much more. the program is hard to use - an on-line manual or tutorial would be most helpful. In my opinion Brain Games Chess is far more enjoyable.
I'm using an older laptop with an XP os .That means there is no Microsoft Chess Titans game installed .I was having Chess withdrawal symptoms and needed a Chess game in my laptop. So I purchased Fritz 12. Excellent program with a large amount features. Inexpensive and a lot of bang for the buck. You will not be disappointed.
I use to own Chessmaster and I liked it a lot better. I found the ability to adjust the playing levels difficult to understand. I also find the comments made by the program annoying.
This is the old edition, but it's great and a great price.  I've come from a background of playing Chessmaster and this old version is cheaper than the typical Chessmaster offering and much more of a power-user type of software.
I just installed this a few days ago; already I love it. I've found the user interface fairly intuitive: So far I've learned how to set playing levels, find and play the tutorial videos, play tournament-style, view and print score sheets, and more. When I ran into confusion with the user interface or options, the help system provided the info I needed.

I'm running the single-core version on a dual core Thinkpad under Windows 7 Pro. Some people had trouble installing or running it on Win7, so I hope my experience will help:

To install, I ran the installer (setup.exe) in administrator mode and selected the "allow this application to modify the hard drive" option.

To register, I entered the product serial number from the label inside the case and the validation code displayed in the licensing dialog box. (NOTE: This step could have clearer instructions I suppose, because it took me two tries to get it. The first try, I just entered the serial number and clicked OK. That resulted in an error message but the program ran anyway. The second time I ran the app I again got the licensing dialog box, and again entered the serial number, but this time realized that the dialog box was displaying a code in large funky letters. Entering this code in the field next to it--after entering the serial number--worked.)

Now I can run the program with no license dialogs popping up, and I don't have to run it in compatibility mode either.
I enjoy playing Chess with Fritz.  I got it to a draw on one occasion, and can tell you he (Fritz) is a sore loser!  He's also got a dead pan repertoire of comments for moves you make.
This product should only be purchased by a serious chess enthusiast. It's a bit difficult to navigate the software and it didn't come with any instruction manual. I wouldn't recommend it for a casual player.
I went back to my old Chessmaster program.  Fritz is not the easiest to use, and not as flexible as Chessmaster, but it has a stronger chess engine.
This is a classic. And is at good Price! Recomended for people who want to buy a very powerful chess program at a very affordable Price! Maybe is not so "user friendly" and it is not in spanish, but it is OK. Recommended.
Very hard to learn the interface, but I knew that going in.  I bought this because I use a laptop, and heard that the copy protection software used by the next-best competitor required you to have the DVD in every time.  This can be really tough on a laptop DVD player, so I went with Fritz.  Note that this is an old edition, but you get 95% of the good stuff for a song and a dance.  Unless you are planning to go pro, this is all you need.
this game is so so ok---very complicated--without a manual, the game is almost useless and ready for the GARBAGE CAN
sorry to write this,,but not every one is a  EINSTEIN  or BILL GATES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I purchased this for my husband who love to play chess. He can't seem to put it down. truly recommend if you love chess
I recommed this software, it's very good to play and learn from, it's good for all people. Is necessary improve some things, like the 3D configuration options and real clock view.
Bought it to replace the  problematic Chessmaster program. So far so good!  I recommend buying  this product and you will be pleased.
Since Fritz 13 was out, I decided to gamble 15 bucks on Fritz 12.  What a frustrating mess.  It's as though the software engineers sat together and tried to design the most user-friendly interface they could dream up.

All I want to do is save a position or a game into a database.  I'm now hours and hours into internet research, saving online manuals, and rewording my Google searches just to figure out how to save a game.  Still can't do it.

Make a new database?  Great!  Did it!  But how do you find it?

What garbage.  These people should be ashamed of themselves.
do not know how a real good chess player would do against Fritz, but I can't beat the high levels. Maybe someday .
this includes a 1 year membership to playchess.com, lots of tutorials, opening books and huge game database  and you can add a stronger engine like komodo or stockfish  or houdini for free. just google "stockfish chess engine"  and hit the download button and then load it up on the fritz gui and it runs smooth as silk.  stockfish even supports multi-core processing!  for 20$  a great deal.
I Purchased this software to continue my membership at Playchess.com server. Unknowingly that Playchess states it is good for only 6 months membership. In the past it has been 1 year, and there is NO place in the description it says anything about that issue. As a matter of fact in the Manual on the dvd disk it clearly states 1 year single account membership.
Buyer Beware.
The Fritz 12 Graphic User Interface is infinitely easier to use and understand than the Aquarium GUI, and you still get that totally cool 3D board option which Aquarium doesn't have. I totally agree with all the excellent things other reviewers have said, but do consider this: On June 10, 2011, World Chess Champion Viswanathan Anand told Chessvibes.com his preferred engine was Houdini over both Rybka and Fritz. Deep Fritz 13 (not 12) now has Houdini 3 installed into it and is the ultimate way to prepare for an OTB tournamemnt by weeding out any inconsistencies in your favorite openings. Deep Fritz 12 is still important however since you can install the free Houdini 1.5 download (ELO 3250) or the Houdini 3 Pro version (current CCRL rating 3347) in the Fritz engine management tab under the:"create a UCI engine" option. Why is a high ELO rating so important?Because when you go to your next OTB tournament, rest assured at least one of your opponents will have his openings down pat with many new ideas and  all inconsistancies worked out well in advance and approved by the worlds strongest engine which is Houdini. If you prefer to rely on the weak main lines and sloppy analysis found in both the "Secrets of Opening Surprises" or "Dangerous Weapons" books then you may learn the hard way (as I did)by losing many games after reaching terrible positions during the critical opening stages of the game. So I agree with all the good things said about Deep Fritz 12, but its really the excellent GUI(Graphic User Interface) provided that makes Fritz invaluable in creating a truly powerful opening arsenal that will give your opponents something to think about.
Fritz is the best there is, that is the short and the long of it. Chess is a mind sport,and so no software can force you to become a better player without you having the right mindset. Having said that, Fritz offers you all that modern software can for chess improvement. Miles ahead of Chessmaster in my opinion. I've owned chessmaster for a while and it is worth the money, if nothing else, with the Josh Waitzin tutorials. Chessmaster has great graphics, but everywhere else, Fritz wins out. Use a combination of Fritz and chessbase light (freeware downloadable online), and use playchess.com for human vs human play and its a win win situation. Great product!
I have been a Deep Fritz user for many years.  I have others in the Deep Fritz 8 era but Deep Fritz is my favorite and I am well pleased with 12.  Fast shipping as well.
After I opened this I set up an engine tournament with Fritz 10 and 11 and Crafty 24 and Stockfish 2.2a.  I expected Stockfish to win because it used all 4 processors on my computer while all the others were restricted to one processor.  Fritz 12 won the tournament by 1.5 points.  To test this further I set up a 12 game head to head tournament with Stockfish and one processor Fritz 12 tied four processor Stockfish 6-6.  This won me over.  I use Fritz 12 to analyze games almost exclusively.  The major disappointment was the Fritz trainer samples which were cut down to about 2 and one half minutes each.  They became more like advertising "teasers" than real instruction videos.  If you are primarily interested in the training aspects of a chess program, I recommend that you get Fritz 10 or one of the latest Chessmaster programs.
I have been a long time Chessbase user all the way back to Fritz 5.32.  And until Deep Fritz 12 I have been very satisfied with their product.  However Chessbase has decided to release this new version of software without the "2 Computer Match" feature.  I used this feature a lot to play my other computers with earlier software against each other.  When I emailed Chessbase and inquired why they removed a great feature they replied that it was too much trouble for them to support.
Just lazy German programming.

I thought that software evolved to more features not less?  Isn't that what justifies buying upgrades every year?  Hmmmm...  Well Chessbase ceretainly isn't giving a break on the price.  Oh yeah thats another thing, why are they still selling a "DEEP" version?  All cpu's today have multi-cores and the programming for parrallel processing is already done.
I guess Chessbase just wants your money and not give you any features.  I wonder what they will cut next?

The Fritz 12 chess engine is only marginally stronger than Fritz 11.  Rybka 4.1 just mops the floor with Fritz 12 in Engine match, it so embarrassingly bad.  One recent engine match had Rybka winning 24 straight games and no draws.  This was with the same book for both engines.

Do to the fact the Chessbase doesn't care to listen to their customers and continue to support features established for over a decade and it's poor showing against Deep Rybka 4.1 I would have to say that Deep Fritz 12 is just not worth buying.  Stick with Fritz 11 and buy from Chess Assistant or use Arena.  At least they value their customers input.
I got ripped off. I can't install this program on my computer. I keep getting "invalidSecurity code". I did not receive a booklet or other instructions. And the packaging looked "weird". I've seen knock-off DVDs and that is kind of what it looks like. VERY PISSED OFF!!! The only reason I gave one star is because I had to give it a rating. The product really deserves -10 stars.
I bought the $14.99 Fritz 12 edition.  It is the same as the more expensive edition except that it does not include the premium membership to the online playchess.com.

I have used Fritz 8 in the past and was not too satisfied with it.  I decided to try this edition after reading the hype.

This is a good program for the money.  It installed flawlessly; it is strictly a Windows program so I had to run it on my Mac using VmWare.

It is still a little glitchy as in the past, but the new interface helps a lot.  The 3d is excellent and lifelike and a great step up from what I used previously.

I am not a great player (1400) and the computer's response seems to be more realistic when I tone it down to my level.

I don't doubt that a few people were not satisfied with it, but, if I can run it on my Mac, they might seek a solution to their problem instead of giving up.
Their video tutorials are crappy, user interface not intuitive. In brief if you are looking for some product to learn chess then this is not the right product. I used few times and stopped using it and found windows default chess program is better. Wasted my money.
Fritz 12 is an excellent chess program. I'm an intermediate level player (chess club strength) and I find Fritz to be an great companion for analysis, casual play, and finding out about recent activities through the "Playchess.com" subscription.
The installation process was very smooth and it worked right off the bat. However, the update didn't work at first (update 12). It wasn't until following updates (version 17, I think) that it was able to finally work as it should have. Sometimes the audio features get messed up (the clock continues ticking even when you are not playing, no sound comes when you move a piece, the funny comments don't work, etc.). However, these minor bugs don't affect the important stuff, i.e., the chess playing and analysis.
Playchess is a great place to go find out about news, playing with other people, and fiddling around with the tactical exercises.
In short, an excellent purchase for the price. I would recommend it 100%!
Fritz Chess is the best for learning and enjoyable because the program comments lend to the atmosphere of playing against someone. If you even dabble at learning the game, you'll appreciate this software.
Fritz Chess program, has everything you can think of,for a complex chess game. But it's not a fun chess game to play. It's not user friendly when you're wanting, to play for fun.

I have used Spark Chess game on line. It's fun, easy to see your chess board pieces, not a complex chess game,it display your game pieces movement on the board,and has different levels for players.

If you're wanting to be a Grand Champion, Fritz is your program.
Works great. Indistinguishable from the one in the original Wii Rock Band 2 bundle and helpful if you get the Beatles game.
I bought the microphone with the cord after two (2) wireless microphone purchases. There is no lag time with the wired microphone.
I got this microphone for an extra singer on Beatles Rock Band wii. It works just as good as the original and it's fairly cheap. It arrived quickly and it definitely enhances my Beatle Rock Band experience. Thank you!
The microphones that I ordered look just like the ones that came with the Rock Band 2 game.  I bought 2 extra microphones because I bought the Beatles Rock Band game and to do the 2 part harmony you need 3 microphones. What I am a little annoyed with is the fact that you need an adapter to plug in the 3rd microphone which I don't have and now have to go buy. Otherwise they work just fine. We are happy with it so far...
I bought this microphone to further enhance my Rock Band experience.  I was not disappointed.  It kept in tune well (which was a problem I saw with other microphones) and was light enough to not be a burden of any kind.  I don't mind that it is not wireless, since I wouldn't move around much anyways.  Also, the fact that it doesn't have buttons didn't bother me, mainly because I don't mind using a controller to navigate.  I do think it could have been packaged better, but I don't fault the microphone for it.  Overall, a very simplistic, yet functional, design that works well.
happy with the mic but,the delivering was very late two weeks late unhappy with shipping.
This microphone would be perfect if it was wireless and had buttons so I didn't have to use the PS3 controller.
No complaints! Sing your little heart out!
Works great with Xbox 360. I have 2 of these using Xbox usb hub and have no problems using with rockband. Not very good if sharing a mic from sides, works best by pointing voice directly on top of mic.
It works as expected.
Got this for a replacement for rock band on Wii. Works great!
Works as expected.
Won't fit in a traditional microphone stand but works as expected.
Its dope
I had a lot of fun with this Mic worked great for my Xbox 360 playing rock band 3
this is great if you plan on buying it to use it once and to never use it again
Does not pick up sound unless you eat the mic. If you're hungry, it's still just a three star mic.
It sometimes go out of wack when the clapping parts in a song show up(like you hit it but it doesn't register no matter how hard you smack it) and the game doesn't register you as singing onkey when you know for a fact you are but other than that it works great!
Received in a timely manor and world perfectly.
Works great,thanks!!
Works perfectly for karaoke games on my xbox360
This is a great, affordable microphone that actually records sound pretty well - better than most other affordable microphones, at least in my experience; I also like that it connects via USB so you can use it for your computer or consoles.
Very versatile equipment lol I use it on at least four different devices.
Works well with Rock Band. You'll need to tap it on the top for the drum beats. It won't pick up from the sides.
Use this for RockBand and works flawlessly.
A great USB microphone especially at the price.
Kids love this
Good product, considering what I paid. Nice long cord. Sound was a little distorted, but I'm pretty sure that's my outdated tv's issue. Playing the Michael jackson Experience on a PS3, I have managed to get 5 stars on the first few tries of some of the songs.
Too much delay and sensitivity out of this microphone for rb4 ps4.  Makes it unplayable.
This works great with our wii my children love it.
Cable is a bit on the short side and quality isn't as high as the original Rock Band mics, but it works.
I bought two of these. There's some USB interference, and I had a couple connection issues, but in the end, they work for their purpose. Quality is decent but if you care about quality, you wouldn't be buying these :)

Either way, a cheap solution for casual use.
Gift for nephew.
Decent little mic for the xbox
Fine, easy to use as soon as you plug it but don't expect high quality sound (it's the console's fault, not the mic)
It works good enough. But just the code isn't long enough
Lacks a volume level control so voice can be drowned out by the background music and additional instruments, but a good price.  I definitely would choose to buy NEW to avoid potential germs...
Arrived a few days earlier than the expected delivery date, works well for the price. My only gripe is that the listing said Logitech but the mic is a Konami. Otherwise decent purchase.
Great product! Fast shipping! A++
No problems, works well!
Great Product!
Microphone does not work
Good, works as expected, quality is great and seems durable enough
Never worked.
Great replacement microphone. We've been using it on Rock Band 4 and it works great. Two minor complaints are that the USB cable is a little short. I'd recommend buying a USB extension cable so you don't have to stand right next to the console. Also, it seems overly sensitive as ambient sound in the room can set off overdrive. You have to sing with this mic about 1.5-2 feet away from your mouth for optimum performance.
It's perfect!
Great
Bought to use with Exbox 360 - Rock Band.  Only works sometimes.  Have to unplug and restart console multiple times and eventually it will work...until you are done and want to play next time.
Kids love it
Smaller than the microphone that I originally have with my Rockband game. Not sure why, but I don't mind at all. Works great.
Great mic for the price. In fact this sounds as good as some 60+ USD microphones.
Works okay but not much better than my mic in my cheap earbuds. Bought it for youtube videos but my voice still sounds crappy.
Nice
mic was white but other than that it works fine
Kids love using this with the wii
We are rocking again, works well, wish the cord was longer though.
I own Rock Band 4 for Xbox One and I learned that you can add more vocals to tracks.  I saw that this was cheaply priced and has a high rate of success from other buyers.

though the mic does work, and had no problems with utilizing the tambourine my only real complaint is that the USB Cable length is too short when compared to my original Rock Band Mic (from RB1).

I fixed the problem by adding a usb extension cable to each mic.  This added an extra $5 cost per mic and gave me 3ft.  For 6ft it would have been a $5.50 increase and for 9ft, $5.80.  Even with the extensions you're still looking at a cost savings over the "Rock Band" mic of $10
Just as good as the original
Works and looks great!
So happy with our purchase - microphone arrived on time and in excellent condition - works great!
It works great
worked well. that family played hours of guitar hero with this.
Mic is defective and you can't activate star power.
works really well i've had it for a while and it hasn't broken
Great!
Didnt work for me on xbox one and rockband. Not sure why.  I blame obama.
Seems to work! Used it with Just Dance 2015 and even though it took a little while for us to figure out if it was actually getting us points, we discovered that it was.
works great
Works well with most of my Wii Guitar Hero games as well as Just Dance
works great
Great mic for Rock Band
We used the mic for karaoke and we had a blast. Mic worked well.
Very nice!
Works great, is very light and a little smaller than the original - which I like!
super
I don't know if it was mine but offers almost no volume, don't know if it was just mine.
Works great. Seems a little cheap feeling but I can't say anything about performance.
This microphone is unbelievably good for what it is. It's not studio-quality, but you simply will not find a mic this good for less than $50. The only problem I had with it at all was trying to get it on a mic stand (since it doesn't have a screw) but even that wasn't hard to overcome.
Works great
This was a great replacement mic for RockBand. We always had a hard time with the tapping portion of the game with OEM. This picked up the taps perfectly for that 100% score while singing! More cowbell anyone?
It didn't pick up vocals very well. we used it with ps3 guitar hero live, but you have to sing really close to the mic. We actually had to put our mouths on it for it to pick up vocals, which is really unsanitary.
Worked fine when it arrived on Friday.  Not great on sensitivity but worked. We'll call Tuesday the day the music died.  Just stopped working in the middle of a song.
Product was shipped defective. Connects to both computer and xb1 but does not pick up sound besides hard taps to the side .
Loved it , I was trying to setup a Karaoke with my friends on PC I was successful. Every one enjoyed this.
Works awesome for my rock band.......love it.....and no echo
didn't work
Lasted a while. I always twirl the mic and pull on the cord. Lasted as long as I would expect putting it through this much torture. Wish it were easier to open to fix. I still don't see an area I can open up lol.
works as adevertised
It works well as little distortion
This mic works perfectly for Beatles Rockband for the Wii.
Awful controller. Tamborine slaps in Rock Band 4 just don't register. Went with the official mic and things are much better now.
Worked perfectly with my Xbox One.
Did not work in the usb slot in my wii
Works great, sounds great!
Have my kids singing
Kids love it!!
This product will not work with my copy of  Guitar Hero greatest hits and rock band Beatles. however it will work with some Guitar Hero Track Packs. instead of this product, I would suggest and official Logitech microphone, not one sold by this Logitech seller.
I bought these to use with band hero and with the voice games for xbox 360.  It worked well, plugged into the xbox 360 without any issues.  The microphone worked properly and was just as seller had described.  My voice is heard clearly on it and we were able to play both games usuing this mic.  Great deal with the price.  I would recommend it.
Just got this to use with Rockband for my PS4 and its works!
Works with Wii Rock Band 1 !
Causes distortion compared to the Xbox mic
Works great with Guitar Hero
I like the mic that came with the game a little better, but we bought two of these for harmonizing and they work just fine. NOTE that in order to use 3 mics with the PS4, you will need to purchase a USB hub that works with the system, since there are stupidly only 2 ports.
Purchased to use with Just Dance on Wii.  You can't hear anything out of the microphones.  Waste of money.
I love playing rock band and I was very excited to find the microphone on Amazon. Great product!
Works great.  Arrived quickly.
Worked perfectly for Rockband 2 and 3.  Still have yet to try it with the Lips games.
We needed a replacement mic for Rockband 3. This was delivered in good condition. Works well.
Works well for the most part, there has been two times were it was making this static noise but once we unplugged it and then replugged it in is had been ok.
Bought to use for Rock Band 4 on the ps4. Works great, sensitive to vocal changes and I didn't have to smash it against my hand for the annoying clapping/tambourine bit they do sometimes in songs like I usually have to do with mics my friends have bought. Doesn't look fancy but it does the job.
Bad product not working with my xbox and PC
I bought this to use with Rock Band 4 on the PS4.  The microphone works great!
The mic works perfectly, clear sound, sturdy mic, whats not to love
Simple plug and play USB Microphone is easy to use and was an economic replacement when my original RockBand microphone died on me.
I bought this microphone for the game Michael Jackson: The Experience to sing the songs. My niece and nephews love it. As soon as it arrived, we hooked it up right away.
Worked well.
Loved this. It works wonderfully!
My girls love it
This is advertised as working with the Wii. It doesn't! Returning this piece of garbage...
Works great for Rockband that I play on my Wii but sometimes doesn't pick up the hit when I hate to hit it like a tambourine on my solos. Still a good product nonetheless.
GREAT
Works fine, no issues.
Doesn't work with xbox.
NOT COMPATIBLE WITH SINGSTAR on PS4.
Works better than the rockband one. Although it might be because my rockband mic is as old as the second rockband.
work perfectly
I purchased this mic to replace my broken Rock Band mic and it works perfectly.  The build appears to be nice and durable.  Singing registers in the game as well as the original did, so if you're looking for a new Guitar Hero/Rock Band mic to replace an old one, this one will do the trick. If there's one thing that I don't like about it, it's that the USB cable is about five feet shorter than the one that comes with Rock Band.  I wound up having to put a USB extension on it to reach where it normally would be used.  Other than that, it's a great replacement mic.
Perfect!
The microphone is fantasic! Love using it, works very well.
This came -really- fast. Perfect!
Absolutely Horrible...It wasn't even Logitech.  It was Konami and it froze my xbox one repeatedly when I unplugged it.  These also sound horrible with Rock Band 4 compared to the mic the game comes with.
Perfect for my little man to participate with his older brother!
Mic works great but the cord is a little shorter than what you get with the games such as rock band.
Only downside is there is no mute. Great sound quality.
Loving it so far. Works really well. :) Also has a nice grip to it.
Not a new item.  It was wrapped in bubble wrap and tightly wound up in a rubber band so tightly that the rubber part at the bottom of the mic was already broken off.  To top it off, it did not work on any device I tried it on.
I received it quickly and it works great!
Was really skeptical about buying this due to the mixed reviews, but was definitely worth it. It wasn't a Logitech mic but was instead Konami. Bought it for Rock Band 4 on my XB1. Tested it out on my 360 and it works perfectly. And was cheap so 
REQUIRES A WII CONTROLLER TO WORK - this isn't a problem, just something that should be made clear so the user doesn't assume it just doesn't work. You need to activate an used wii controller to then use the microphone.
work very nicely
There are no problems with it, it works great for Rock Band, detects an accurate pitch and everything.
Worked for Rock Band just like we'd hoped. Turns the game into a cheap and better karaoke machine to boot.
Great price, perfect for kids!
Works great!  We can sing along with Rock Band again.
Worked initially mostly OK with just a second or so delay. Then it got longer to a 3-4 second delay which altered the scoring. Also worked the first couple of times using it as the "Tambourine" as instructed in Rock Band 3. Then it just stopped. Tried calibration, rebooting, everything I can think of over the course of a couple of weeks. Nothing changed. Now I'm done. Buyer beware - you get what you pay for. Now I'm looking for the upgrade  because it really is fun!
I don't understand how there are positive reviews for a mic like this. It's light as a feather, echo's terribly and does a worse job picking up sound than my 7 year old, banged up, rock band mic, not worth 2 cents. Lesson learned, if it seems too good to be true...
Works good! recognizes my voice well and I have no issues playing Rockband besides just not being good at vocals in general! 10/10 would buy again!
I use this as a podcast microphone more than a Rock Band microphone and people are surprised by our audio quality each week.
It's great & working fine!
Cool
Works great!
JUNK
It didn't work with rock band or guitar hero.  I have several rock band and guitar hero games and I tried multiple times to use this Mic.  None of my games even recognized the mic being plugged in.  I have two guitars and the drum set for my PS3.  All of my other devices work with no problems.
Awesome
really good works perfectly
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my mum who loves it!
Did not work for us on XBox 360. Seller had refunded money
Works just fine !
I order this for my daughter's birthday party it worked nice .
Rosie
Very accurated, came fast
did not work with my rockband
Awesome.
Love it. It works on the Xbox 360 and the WII U
so far so good... It works good for rockband
It is what it is, a USB cheapo mic. Works.
Great. And cheap. Works with PS4 for any game that needs a mic. Tested with Rocksmith and Singstar.
Perfect. Mine says konami not high school musical
Great for Karoke
not working on xbox
Worked as advertised at a reasonable price.
It works well, as I would expect. It has a few problems, like how it has to be touching your face to hear sound for the game, but other than that it's fine.
Worked
Best microphone I've ever used on a video game!!!
good
kids love them :)
Got exactly what I wanted.
Horrible product. Terrible feedback and crackling to where is isn't useable.
Excellent!
Received it today and it doesn't even work. Smh
Wow! What a difference a decent, responsive microphone can make to the whole game! Very pleased!(Rockband 1, 2 & 3 for PS3)
Perfect
Uses it to sing her Beatles!!!!!  thanks!
Works great!
GREAT
Did not work for my game. Had to buy different ones.
Arrived on time and as described. Great buy.
Dead on Arrival
It's not that great
Perfect!
Works great and the kids can play Rock Band once again!!
We bought it to use with Wii (not Wii U) for ABBA Dance and Grease.  Works perfectly for both games, not star-quality sound or anything, but great for kids and fun.  You will need to go into the settings for the games and turn up the volume for the microphones.
No complaints.  Works as expected.
Great quality works perfect
Great price and work perfectly. We use with ps3 mj the experience, sing star, everybody dance and grease..
As someone who likes to rock out when she's playing Guitar Hero, this microphone does its job. Nice length for cord as well.
good
Works great
Works great! Just wish the cord was longer.
The microphone works half the time. Sometimes when it does work it stops working in the middle of a song. Very rarely does it work all the way through.
worked great!!
This microphone hooked right into the Xbox and worked on par with all expectations.
a must have
GREAT
fun product
nice and cheap
Great. Fast delivery
With many brands of microphones to buy and choose from this worked great and for under $10 is a steal. I have a wii and the response time was accurate,as well as the sound quality. I would definitely suggest this brand (or Konami they work well too) if your looking to play singing games. If there is concern about the length of the cord it is long enough for me to sit on my bed and sing which is about 31/2 feet from the tv.
The microphone I bought works with XBOX 360 Rock Band 3. However these are not Logitech microphones they are Konami. Also the cord is about 10 ft long. Shorter then I would like. Other then that they work like they are suppose to. Worth the 10$ price tag.
Works well but wished it was wireless
Great sound quality and condition. I'm happy to play rock band now :D
as ordered
great
Good
It's a working Mic.
this mic has very good quality
Very disappointed, item was very used up, a lot scratches. Not the picture it was posted online. Its not worth $30 not even $10, if you ask me.
The Logitech microphone arrived broken--not physically broken but the microphone would not function.
Used for birthday gift
Surprisingly it worked very well, I thought it was going to like a cheap piece of crap but in the end you get way more than what it's worth.
Good mic
Worked as advertised and it's fairly well made. Doesn't feel cheap at all.
Works
my grandkids (and their parents) love playing with the microphone along with the guitar we got.
this really is a lot of fun for everyone.  would totally recommend getting this if someone has an interest in music (singing)...
Very lightweight. Feels more like a toy but what did I expect for such a price. However it does the  job. A little lag in sound. Doesnt really amplify the sound but it works.
The kids were amazed that this works so great. And I would  definitely recommend it as and inexpensive xbox extra.
Arrived promptly with no problems. I have been using this microphone for my rock band game. It works except for cutting out occasionally.  It could be made a little more stable inside. Still a little loose.
This product does not work with the PS3 as advertised. I have not got around to returning it yet. Just don't want anyone else to get rope a doped like I did. I found out the hard way. The ps3 does not read it and their is no way to sync the mic to the ps3 as with the guitar and drums. Do not buy if you have a ps3. Hope this helps.
sing out loud, sing along!

This mic worked perfectly, and now my nieces and nephew are rocking out on Rock Band.
I gotten this for my little girl who loves it. She sings all the time. I would recommend. Works great.
Works great now me and my family cab have fun singing songs! We now have the whole set and my kids love it!
I bought two of these so that we could sing the harmonies for Beatles Rock Band for the Wii. They work wonderfully. In order to use 3 mics, 2 guitars, and a drum kit, you'll need to purchase a USB hub.
I love it! Use it all the time. Really works perfectly with all games that you need a mic for.
Pretty cool works well but don't get to use it  that much but glad I got it really worth it
game said I needed this and couldn't use the Konami wireless mic so I bought it but the lag is soooooo bad you cant even play the game :(
Bought this as a second mic for our Rock Band 3 game and we love it. We constantly fight over who is going to use it so I think we may need to purchase a second one.
But for a microphone cord could be a little bit longer but for the price its just right. Thank you.
Good mic nothing to spectacular and nothing bad about the mic. Needed this for rockband and is compatible for band hero also.
THANK YOU FOR A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE THANK YOU AND SEE YA AGAIN! YOU ROCK! A+ ALL THE WAY. A+ A
Would have given this 5 stars but was not happy with the way it was packaged. Only a plastic bag covered it, no box, bubble wrap or other type of protective covering. Luckily I ordered with a book and Amazon sent with paper to keep it from moving around.
Good Mic at a reasonable price. So far, So Good! Will see how long it lasts in the hands of 3 and 8 year olds!
I've used this for both Rock Band 2 and Band Hero.  My wife loves karaoke and singing, in general, so she naturally loved the idea of singing in games like this while I played guitar.  However, prior to purchasing this microphone, all I had for her to use was my headset plugged into the controller.  It worked, but it was very clumsy, especially in Rock Band 2 for the parts of the song where you're supposed to tap on the microphone in rythym with the beat.
So I purchased this as a Christmas present for her and she absolutely loves it.  It took us a few minutes to realize that a controller still needed to be plugged in for her so that she can join in, but after that, it's been smooth sailing/singing.  What's really nice is that the cord is long enough for her to stand back a good distance from the tv.
This product was exactly as described and works great with my daughters Disney Kareoke XBox 360 game. Very happy with the mic sand the price was fabulous!!!
I purchased this mic to use with my Xbox version of Bandfuse and it works perfectly.  Construction is solid and the mic was well packed and timely shipped.  No complaints!
The microphone works on our Wii. We are using it for Just Dance 2014, which includes a Karaoke feature. It was a simple plug in and play. The mic won't work unless an actual song is playing. The sound is also very low, so you will have to turn your TV's volume quite high. Otherwise, it's an OK device. No frills, but still fun for the family.
I would have made it higher, but it doesn't work for my purposes.  I bought it to play karaoke games on my Wii, and this mic only works with one of them.  Not sure that it's necessarily the fault of this specific mic.  Had the same problem with others that only worked with a different karaoke game, which was why I bought this one.
Well, buy this microphone because we have a party soon and need one. Truth I wanted a wireless microphone but I didn't found it but this is very good, has a very long wire and it sounds super good, I recommend it for those that make family holidays!!!
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Official-USB-Logitech-EA-Microphone-PS3-PS2-XBOX-360-Wii-PC/dp/B003M6WUWA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Official USB Logitech EA Microphone [PS3, PS2, XBOX 360, Wii, PC</a>]
This is a USB microphone with a nice long cord, but it only worked twice. I have a lot of Logitech products:speakers, various keyboards and mice, and usually I am happy with them but I have two microphones made by Logitech subsidiaries that stopped functioning after one or two uses, or just didn't work at all. I tried this one on all of my computers and it isn't even recognized. One of the things to beware of when buying electronics from Amazon is obsolete stuff that shouldn't be on the market. Both of the mikes I have are no longer listed on the Logitech website, that's how obsolete they are. Lesson learned.
I think these are usable device. You have to hold the mike close to your mouth though or my kinect does not register.
This mic has a delayed voice which is driving me crazy! Also, it doesn't have a volume control so it doesn't get loud at all even if I turn up the surround sound. In addition, the mic that I got in the mail is not the mic that is pictured. This mic is supposed to be comparable with sing a long games. However, when I hooked this mic up to my play station 3 game unit and placed my Michael Jackson's (Experience)game in the mic failed at being a half decent mic. I mean I had to unhook it because the delayed voice was just too much to try to deal with. If I wasn't so lazy I would repack this piece of crap and send it back!
my granddaughter bought it & SHE USES IT EVERYDAY. She loves the item and it was as described. Really great.
This product did exactly what it should do. Definitely recommended to everyone who needs a USB microphone for RockBand or Guitar Hero. :)
The voice is delayed, and it doesn't have the volume control on the microphone. I have to use the computer to adjust the volume, not very convenient.
This product works well for video games.  It has a pretty long cord and it seems sturdy.  You could also use it for a PC mic.
this is not the brand showen in the picture.......... but it still works  so i guess that ok works on the computer too. this  is not new it is used the cord is rapped with a rubber band and the product itself in a plastic bag .
I cannot get this thing to work with my Wii Rockband 3.
It might be related to the USB hub that I'm using, but it simply refuses to be detected by the game.

Cosmetically, it's a microphone. Bit on the ugly side.
I would be wary of compatibility issues with this one.
now I can rock for real and as hard as I want, even though my voice is not like steven tyler, but I try and try!! hahahaha
I bought this mic to use with the Xbox karaoke app because the wireless mics have a delay making it hard to sing with the song.  This mic still has a delay, but it's much more manageable.  It does have a nice long cord for the kids to move around and will work for the time being until something better comes along. I've read that USB mics tend to have a delay issue so i'm not sure what the main issue is.
Got this to go with a Christmas present for my daughter, it works with Disney Sing-It (Family) and Storybook Workshop.  Noticed a little bit of a delay on my parents' LCD tv, but there was a note in the game saying that was sometimes an issue with LCD tvs.  The long cord means my daughter (4) can move around while she sings/talks.  Not the best as far as vocals goes, but it works for what we needed! :)
Why the false advertising? I thought I was buying a Logitec mic for my Rock Band 3 game (Xbox 360) but what I got was a first generation Guitar Hero mic. Not at all like what was advertised in the picture. But then again, they work, so I can't complain too loudly.
Works great on  my WII system.  Have a lot of fun with friends doing Karoake!  Buy one and see for yourself
Grandson and his friends received two for the holidays and use them frequently.  Lots of fun.  Mics work just fine.
I am happy with my choice to purchase the official usb logetech ea microphone for my wii. It is a fun item.
I bought this microphone to use primarily for Rock Band 3, as it is the only game in the Rock Band and Guitar Hero series that will not allow you to use a headset.  After receiving the microphone in question, I plugged it into my USB port, only to find that it didn't work.  "Odd," I thought and tried a different USB port.  This one worked, and I began playing.
Now, to give a bit of backstory.  I have two televisions in my room:  an HDTV and a normal "box" television.  After getting fed up with attempting to calibrate the system correctly, I now move back and forth between the two televisions whenever I wish to play a musical rhythm game.  Obviously, for vocals, an HDTV can be used uncalibrated, as, if you know the song, you do not need to watch the notes go by, so I had had the Xbox plugged into this.  Later, when I decided to switch TVs to play my guitar, I eventually replugged in the microphone in the same USB port that I had plugged it in previously.  It didn't work.  Now frustrated, I retried every port, only to finally find one that worked, which happened to be the very first port I'd tried previously.  I later came to find that the microphone I received had a short in the wire, almost as if it were used (which is entirely possible, as I got no packaging, only a plastic wrapper around the microphone).  As for the performance itself when I actually get the thing to work, it works nicely.  It picks up on my voice fairly well, although you have to keep it at a very precise angle, or it may lose lower volumes.  There is enough cord length that I can sing at my preferred distance (although I sit very close to my televisions, so take this statement with a grain of salt).  It's not a bad mic, and I'm sure the short was just a defect on the part of my microphone.  Not bad, overall.
Very disappointed. I bought this to go with the Rock Band set up that I bought for my kids for Christmas. Not the same mic that was pictured when I purchased it. Rock Band for PS3 doesn't recognize it. Kids are totally bummed.
It works with the system but you need to sing really really loud in order to be heard through the system. It does work though and will register for the game..
This product was advertised as new, I expected it to come in a box since this was a gift, it came wrapped with stuffing in an envelope.  I hope the product works.
As much as they'd like to think it without doing their research, I was sent a Guitar Hero mic that is blatantly NOT compatible with Rock Band 3.  It'd be simpler to spend a few extra dollars to get an official mic than roll the dice with these guys in the hopes that they maybe send the correct model you are looking for.
The mic is not "Rockband" brand. It is a cheap imitation Konami brand that is really lightweight and isn't quite the same quality sound as the Rockband brand.
Been using this for about a year off and on.  It doesn't get the workout that our guitar and keyboard do, but it's still hanging in there with me, a 7 year old and an 11 year old putting it through its paces.  Still works really well on our Wii.  Surprisingly so, as a matter of fact.  The only thing that is odd is that the microphone had a label on the side that said something or other about a "Disney" game.  I forget which one.  It doesn't actually say, "Rock Band" on it, but we don't care.  It still works just fine.
I can not get this microphone to work for nothing. So annoying. I have seen that lots of others have this problem as well. Tried several patches nothing seems to work. I wouldn't buy it again.
Works good, however is not "like a new" with a little not important defect in appearance!
Really good, and works fantastic!
I bought this for Guitar Hero on the Wii. It won't work for Guitar Hero or Rock Band as the system doesn't recognize it. It does however work for "Disney Sing It". Strange, since the Microphone has "Guitar Hero" labeled right on it. I would've thought the company would at least check for compatibility before making claims or labels.
This product was awful, we bought it for Rockband on PS3 and it did not work at all. We plugged it into both USB slots and it did not pick up sound at all from either of them. This microphone is completely non functional for at least the PS3 versions of Rockband, including Rockband, Rockband 2, Rockband: The Beatles, Rockband: Metal Track Pack, Rockband: Track Pack 2, and Rockband: Greenday. I will never buy from this seller again. It was a waste of money.
Works well but the cord can be a hassle.  The cord is very long so length is not a problem in use, but can be a hassle for storage.
When I ordered the microphones, I don't remember seeing the Disney emblem. I assume this means it's more for children because the quality is not very good. The emblem is clearly there now when I looked up the microphone, so this was most likely my fault. The microphone is good for kids and parents who do not want the singing applified. It's not for adults having some fun with RockBand.
Works great now me n my daughter can sing together it arrived way b4 date was suppose too very happy with purchase
The one that I got (the Disney one) didn't work on with any of my electronics. All of them recognized a device though. When it was plugged in there'd be a device listed either on the PC, Mac or PS3 "Logitech USB Microphone." However, none of my devices picked up any sound. After extensive fiddling with settings on all my computers I decided to return it. I think newer OSes as of December 2011, (although my PC has Vista) like Lion and the newer version of the PS3 are incompatible with this microphone... that or it is defective. I also did indeed look for an on/off switch to see if that was the problem but there is no switch.

So... if you are looking for an RB3 / Rock Band 3 alternative microphone for you PlayStation 3, don't buy this microphone. Even though they're hard to find, go to Gamestop to get them (only some of them carry them and the nearest ones to me are in Compton, lol).
This mic is excellent! We thought it didn't work on our Wii, but we tried it on the computer and it was working. So we plugged it directly into the Wii before powering up and made sure the Wii mote was powered up and it worked perfectly. I'm glad we tried a few things before returning it!
The microphone I received was used and said Disney on it. It was not compatible with any Rock Band game.
No problems to be had with the mic, it's relatively cheap and works perfectly well with Rock Band (all that I have used it for).
i had read a review here to make sure it works for rock band 3 + ps3 before going ahead with the purchase.  tried this mic today and it didn't work...  the system simply did not recognize the mic and keeps telling me to connect a mic.

also tried plugging this in all the different usb ports, with or without the guitar wireless extension.  no combination worked.

maybe i got a defective device, maybe not.  disappointed and asked for a refund.
It works well on the PS3.  I used it for the Michael Jackson Experience game.  The cord is long enough to play with comfort.
First of all, the product is not what is pictured. I'm a girl, but imagine if i was a guy how humiliated i would be to recieve a High School Musical usb microphone? It doesn't matter to me, but if you care what the mic looks like, it might to you. The quality is good and the durability is good. It works perfectly with my ps3 and rockband 3 game. I've had no issues with it so far, but i would've liked to know what it actually looked like.

SUMMARY
Pros:
Good quality sound
Durable
Works with ps3/rockband 3

Cons:
Not what is pictured (High School Musical usb Mic is what i was mailed )
Great buy, Works Perfectly with both rock band and guitar hero, cord is long enough to sing anywhere in the room with out inconvenience.  I was so glad to have found this after buying a rock band set brand new from the store and the mic did not work.
I hate being lied to, the pictures for this product are nothing like the actual product i received.  The microphones i received do not work with my xbox 360 either.  Stay away from this product and the retailer Bluemall altogether.  In order to return them you have to email a rep for a rma # and i did not receive my number within their 15 day from shipping return period.  Bad business here peeps, surprised amazon would carry such trash.  Hope this helps :)
We plugged this microphone into the Wii and it just worked. We find USB easier to deal with on the Wii than using the microphone jack.

With all the noise of the games such as Rock Star, I can't really tell how good the audio quality is, but that also means that it is good enough for Wii.

It seems like it is well made, but we have only used it 10 - 20 times, so I don't know how it will hold up over time. The previous two microphones (different manufacturer) didn't last long before we had to start holding the cable in certain positions to make them work.

This microphone does what it is supposed to. Nothing lacking.
i have had no problems with this product at all. it works like i wanted it to. its great. i use it all the time. thank you a lot! its also great becuase the usb cord allows me to use it with all my games that need a mic. the wireless one do not. so thank you again for this wonderful mic.
Works great!

Another cool thing, even if a song doesn't have "harmony" (parts for more than one singer) you can still do fake-harmony as all mics plugged in remain active.  However, the back-up singers will not be rated and will actually mess with the lead as the game doesn't differentiate what mic is being used for lead UNLESS there actually is a harmony part.  Meaning = if you're just singing to party, you can use all three mics on any song and they'll all just be treated as lead.  Pretty cool when you have a room full of mic hogs around the house like we do.  lol  It's just like when people would gang up all on one mic during a song, but now they actually feel like rock stars having their own mics.  For this reason, we just always keep all three mics plugged in and anyone can just pick one up and join in.  Just don't expect a good score ;-)
No stress collar for the wire coming out of the mike.  Audio pickup is questionable at times.  Wish I had spent more.
Used it for one day and then it stopped working.  I was very careful when having to "tamborine" and hit it as soft as possible.  Still after one day the arrow stopped showing up in Rock Band 2.
Probably a fine microphone - but it DOES NOT WORK WITH Wii LEGO ROCK BAND.  It may work with other Rock Band products though.

If you need a Microphone for Lego Rock Band, it has to be a Logitech microphone.
The microphone works well and was a great replacement for my original Rock Band microphone.  My original broke and have been looking all over for a replacement.  This item was a decent priced replacement so we could continue to play.
I ordered this to use with my Wii and was nervous because some many reviews said it wouldn't work with my systems. I plugged it in and it it worked!
i got this microphone to rap because it usb and really i felt dumb for buying it cause its for a guitar hero game and its 12 dollars but it works like a pro mic i just needed a op filter and a stand and i go those the same day i bought the mic and i got them all at the same time i was impressed im a rapper and i loved this mic so i recommend this mic for podcasting,vocals,rapping,or even the real use rock band
This microphone is better than the original that came with the Disney:Sing it game.  The audio quality may be the same, but the build is noticeably better.  Heavier feel and better cord connection into the microphone.  A definite must if you have more than one kid or if your kid's like to have friends over.
I bought 4 of these Mic's for use playing Rock Band 3. So far, so good? While this Mic is not the best USB Mic for sound quality, I believe it to be able to handle the abuse better than the higher performing Mic's like the Logitech's. This is important in Rock Band, since the Mic doubles as a Cow Bell/Tambourine/Hand Clap in game play. In time all Mic's will fail with this kind of abuse, knowing this, I searched the web for the cheapest Mic's made for Rock Band or Guitar Hero & Amazon Delivered!
My original Rock Band mic got fried by a static discharge so i had to get a new one.  This guy fit the bill and I always had good luck with logitech products so i gave it a shot.  It does not feel as substantial as the original, but i dare say that the sound quality is a bit better than the original.  Anyway it works just fine and it was inexpensive.
This was one of my first purchases for the PS3 and Rock Band 2. Is very ease to use just plug into a usb port and Play!
The package arrive within the estimated date and I would buy from this seller again.
they could be a little bit more faster on the delivery but at the end it was good to make bussines with them they are 100% responsable and good quality products if i need something again i won't think it twice on buying from them.
Excellent product. For those of you stil trying to use a headset as a microphone in GH/RB stop now and order this product. I used to fail out ALL the time on easy difficulty using a headset and now i get 5 stars very easily. Solid quality, good price, fast shipping.
Although the first microphone did not work, Quick Buy's was contacted through Amazon and they quickly sent a replacement which works great.  I would buy again from this supplier.  Great customer service!!
Great product. Brand new! Ships fast, and EXCELLENT customer service. They will sort out any issue that arises. They have been really helpful, and the product is flawless. Use it all the time.
Not compatible with Wii disappointed as it was advertised that it was.  Looks like a good quality mic but cannot use it...
We bought this item for our Wii. It does not work at all for it. :-( So that was a disapointment. We did decide to keep it though because it works wonderfully on our x-box 360.
I bought this mic for the ps3 and i cant complain it worked just like any other mic, but wat i really was surprised by was the quality of the mic when i plugged it in the computer. This mic is good for both a rockband and amateur recording on mac/pc
I bought this for my 13 yr old son.
He loves it. Item arrived promptly
and in perfect condition.
Thanks!
I really should have made a video ... We sang Beatle Songs for five hours and we had three microphones...and it was a blast.  Works well!!
I was initially worried that this microphone would not be compatible with our Wii Beatles' Rock Band game, but it works great with our system and the kids love it!
Now we can have three vocalists, along with the guitar players and drummer. It makes for much more fun when more people can join in the performance. I recommend this microphone with the highest confidence that your family will love it too!
My microphone stopped working in the middle of playing Rock Band with friends and I was able to replace the microphone with this version for cheap. Product works great with my wii and was shipped fast.
I got this microphone after my microphone that came with Rock Band fell apart (the wire became loose at the microphone). I like it better than the original. It is a little more sensitive so you don't have to have it right next to your mouth and easier to handle as it is shorter. I am really surprised that it cost so little and works so well.
This was a birthday present the rock band microphones worked really well with Beatles and guitar hero. We totally rocked out and it was really fun learning how to get better with every song. Shipping was reqular ground freight and it was fast only 3 days!!!!Highly recommend! Happy Happy Joy Joy!
You need a microphone to play Lego Rock Band so we recommend this one!  We also ordered the mic stand so we can play and sing at the same time!
I bought this mic hoping it was as good (if not better) then the Official Rock Band 2 Mic. I found it to be better! It keeps my voice in tune very well and is very sensitive to sound. The transaction with the seller was smooth and fast! Excellent Buy!
a microphone is a microphone- I am not sure the sound quality on the Wii would vary from one to another.
Microphone works fine, although sound quality isn't great.  This was advertised as an official Rock Band microphone.  When it arrived it was an official Guitar Hero microphone.  Is it really that difficult to represent the item correctly?
Not much to say here, it's a good USB microphone, clear sound pickup, and it easily handles the 'smack against palm for cowbell' action without a complaint.
We use this when we want to vocals on Beatles Rock Band and it's great!!
This was very fast shipping. The battery came in brand new and sealed. It arrived in about 4 days. The battery works fine and Ive discovered no problems, it fits very well in my PSP 2001. This is a great buy and a great replacement battery.
I bought two of these batteries for my kids: one for a PSP2000, and the other for a PSP3000.  The PSP2000 powered right up and works great.  The PSP3000 however, will not run with this battery.  (it's actually a PSP3001 according to the label on the machine).

With a little swapping around, I found out that the PSP3000 will work with either of the original factory batteries, and the PSP2000 will work with either the 1600mAh or the 2400mAh battery.  So one child gets 2 low-power batteries and the other gets 2 longer duration batteries.

Working with one advertised platform and not the other makes us "halfway there": (3 stars)
Perfect service and perfect delivery time. As far as the battery, nothings wrong with it and fits a little tight but has a longer life than the standard psp battery. It's all good specially for this price.
The battery fits my 3000. It does not hold a charge longer then the factory one. Most times it does not warn you before shutting down the game on low battery, with no chance to save your progress. The factory one puts the game in standby so that you can plug in and save your progression. Very disappointed.
I bought this battery for my psp 2000 because my last one fried.
Battery came superfast and in brand new condition.
My old battey used to last about 3 to 4hrs depending on how much
I used it, this one says it's supposed to last twice as long but it's
about 1 1/2x as long. Overall this battery was a very good buy. ^_^
This is obviously not the stock part...that's ok, you get what you pay for.

It works, but the battery life is quite short.
I have a 3000 series psp. I bought this because the advertisment says that it is for the 2000/3000 psp. When i recieved it and put it in it wouldnt work. would not even charge in the psp.
Do not buy system will tell you 6hrs remaing 100% batery life after 40-60 minutes will shutdown. Put to charge 10 minutes later light goes off use psp-2000 and dies.
will spend more if I returned.
well I read through all the bad reviews and noticed that all of them are by people who have the psp 3000 (well at least people say)
I have a psp 2000 and the battery practically works fine
This battery is a waste of money.  After only 1 week of using it (charged it 4 times) and on the 5th charge- it stopped charging.  The light would go on my psp 3000 and after 5-10 minutes- it would go off and not charge.  Do NOT buy this product.  I should've listened to the other negative reviewers before purchasing this item.

I returned it back with no hassle.  Thank-you Amazon, but please stop selling this item.  Too many people with the same problems will only lose you money.
DONT BUY THIS!!!... I thought this would of been an awesome buy and a great deal, but man was I wrong. I was so happy when I got it in the mail and It worked on my PSP 3000 for about a week and 1/2, but then while I was charging my psp with USB cable it shut off on me and the battery did not work... so it basically short circuited. At least it wasn't too much money, but still I basically paid $5 for a paper weight... hope this review helped!
well the battery took a lil while to get use to the psp i DO NOT i repeat (((DO NOT))) reccomend it for hackers for me it would constantly die or turn off for no specific cause also it would refuse my charge sometime don't know if its cause the hack or its just like that............. ONE MORE THING if you like using your psp at full potential this battery isn't for u itll die like in an hour thirty minuites ONCE AGAIN don't know if its because my psp was hacked or what......

ARRIVED PRETTY QUICK AND ITS OK AS A PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE.................
The main problem is that the battery is too big to fit and keeps popping out when i try to put it in. i have a psp 2000 and compared to the original battery this one is slightly bigger, and thus, will not fit.
This battery does not work with PSP 3001. Check your cereal number on the bottom edge of the device itself to see your specific model number. It fits perfectly but does not do anything. Returned with no hassle.
I bought this battery for use with a brand new psp 3001. It acts like it's going to take a charge for about 3 minutes then the charging light randomly shuts off and the psp cannot be powered on again until the battery pack is removed and replaced with the one from the factory... Thanks for nothing amazon.
After hooking this up to my Wii, I encountered buzzing audio and slight video glitches. At first I thought it was simply a connection problem, or else a problem with my television, but after purchasing the far more expensive Nintendo brand component cables, I came to the realization that my bargain brand cable was either defective or simply too sensitive to other devices electro-magnetic interference. Your mileage may vary.
Just like all things, they work better with the right tools. This cable works perfectly and games look much better now.
Doesn't fit my Wii.  The connector is the wrong shape/size.
Good product for the price. No hassle and arrived on time.
I purchased this to connect my son's Wii to the Flat screen TV. It works perfectly just like the old cable. He can play the Wii games without any  problems and also watch Hulu  Plus and Netflix clearly.
Works perfectly. The only thing is that I ran out of spots on my TV now. I should have bought the hdmi adapter instead.
just what I needed
This didn't work for me.  All I got was "no signal." So I used the composite cables that came with the
Wii and the picture is wide screen and okay.
Very Good
Just what I needed, back in the swing of things.....and at least I didn't have to get one from the store that would have cost about 20 plus
just what i needed
Very happy with this AV Cable -- it works very well & I'm so happy to play my old Sports Wii again on our HDTV -- I did have to move a few cables around - till I had the best picture with sound etc; -- all is well & we are thankful that we don't have to buy a whole new Wii Package. I would highly recommend this cable!!!! :)
I got a new TV and the WII has red/yellow/white, but the TV has green/blue/yellow so I got this cord to connect the WII to the TV.  It makes a clear picture and works fine
This made it possible for me to have both my Wii and my DVD player connected to TV at the same time, rather than switching the connections every time I wanted to use one or the other.
Worked perfectly. This is exactly what I needed to get my Wii to connect to my high definition television. Thanks!
This is exactly what I needed.  And I got it cheaper than in a store and that is if you can even find it in a store.  Would have had to wait a week for them to order it, but got it in just two days and my boys and I were off battling dragons.  :)
This works great.  It is exactly what I needed to connect my HDTV to my Wii so we do not need to switch wire between the DVD player and Wii.
It's not hi def (due to Wii limitations) but the colors are crisper and there is a LOT more detail.  The quality difference is similar to upgrading from VHS to DVD.
Cheap solution to improve video quality for the Wii on HDTVs. The picture quality is better than what we get from component cables from our DVD player.
This was exactly what was needed and has worked flawlessly since being received. I recommend it, if you need one.
Fits the wii perfectly, nice and tight.  The rca jacks are little cheap, but they the grab and hold just fine.
can't judge the cable in this review, so i gave it three stars. I bought this cable erroniously, needed VGA connectivity. I've kept it because, well, you never know what cable you might need in the future.
Great alternative to 1080 Tvs. I upgraded my TV but the old connectors made the connection look fuzzy. With this cable I can get 480p which makes games and netflix look great (dvd quality) on my 50 inch HD Tv.
If you need an rgb interface this really works good. My new tv didn't have the yellow video hookup. Just use it for Netflix I only play xbox
I needed this to connect to my LCD LED VIZIO. It works.  Not much more to say than that. I found no fault with it.
This cable is something Nintendo should include when buying brand new Wii. Product is made well, easy to connect and works great!
This pair of component cables are great! Affordable and works just as good as those $30.00 Nintendo Wii branded component cables! Save yourself some money and buy these if your needing some component cables for your Wii!
It has been over 1 year since I bought this cable.  No problem at all. Quality is very good. There is no difference between this cable and Nintendo branded ones, except for the price.
This cable is working as expected and for the price was an excellent purchase, I couldn't be happier with it.
While the product is what it is described as, it unfortunately will give me no signal whatsoever. I believe it is a fault of the a/v cable side, as plugging that in, unplugging it, blowing on it, hissing at it, calling it names, then plugging it back in seems to make it work again. I did check and have the problem across more than one tv, so it's not the tv's fault. I have no way to determine with confidence if it is a fault of the Wii, but I doubt so, as the Wii has no problem with its standard definition cabling that it came with (why, Wii, did you not include component/hdmi cabling by default? HD isn't that rare). Ah, but it is the most inexpensive version of this cable I could find, and the picture is markedly better using this than the original cabling.
I rated this product as I have because it exceeded my expectations. Also, I would recommend this product to others.
The cable does what is intended for and I am happy with it.  Not sure what else to write but there is a minimum amount of words required.  Seriously though, no problems with the cable.
I got this Item about a month ago. I have not had any problems and it works just fine, but the cables feel a little on the flimsy side. In the long run it really does not matter, and for such a cheap price I really should not complain.
i got this to hook up me will to my 72inc h/d tv it set it up to 1080i not 1080p but besides that it's a grate cable!!!
the cable is of good quality, and the package came quickly.  no complains here.  it also gave the tv a better picture compared to the standard AV cables.
great component cable for the Wii.  makes hookup easy and can be used for other components...heavy duty...quality...shipped fast and was a great price...
Original:

The cord arrived quickly and just comes in a plastic bag inside the box. I bought this cord to have a spare cord and decided to try component cords instead of composite.  The cord works and does help make the picture a little crisper than the regular Nintendo Wii cord. Between the cheap price and the picture quality I get I'm definitely happy with my purchase.

Update May 7, 2013

After using the cables for a while I occasionally get a green tinted screen when I load my Wii, although I've been able to get it to go away restartig the Wii and replugging in the cords. Also after using my Wii to watch Netflix more I can say that the color hasn't bee great and is not very accurate to when the show is watched on my laptop or through original broadcast. I also can't really say that its the cords or the Wii that is going bad and making the color go bad. At some point I'm going to try to borrow cords for a friend and test it out. Ultimately though the cords were dirt cheap compared to other I looked at and I would not be surprised or even mad if they went bad after being used for a while.
This cable is well made and designed to last. The cable is better then the product it is used to attach as WII does not support 1080p.
This was cheaper than I found in my local stores and works wonderfully.  Delivers nice sharp picture on my TV.
The movers packed my Wii cables in a separate box so I couldn't find them. I ordered this as it would be quicker and I wasn't disappointed. It is inexpensive and it works. I did have my Wii setup manual so it was no problem to get up and running right away. Sometimes you get what you pay for, and sometimes it is better.
I purchased this thinking that I had to have it with my HDTV. When I went to use this cable instead of the basic one included with my wii, mario was blue/green and the top of the screen flickered with red and white stripes. However, the basic cable worked perfectly.
This component cable was exactly what I was looking for and was a great price! Instead of having to get an A/V component box for my gaming systems, I was able to find this. It was a great buy :)
This item was shipped quickly. Also so far working well. I do have 1 idea to share, it doesn't come with any type of install or information data. I believe that all products such as this should. I give it 4 stars
This is a good component cable for Wii. The picture is much improved. Connected to Sony 46inch 1080p LCD. I would recommend this product.
I purchased this HDTV cable for my Wii because I recently converted from my 26 inch tube TV to a 46 inch LCD TV, and I had noticed that the Wii wasn't looking so hot on a screen designed for HD. Upon using the cable, I noticed a change in the image. I thought it was clearer and sharper, and though still not the same as X-Box or PS3, it is good enough for me. The cable is a little short, so I can imagine this could be a problem for some. With the price I would definitely recommend purchasing this!
I'm glad I purchased this cable, it doesn't necessarily make your games look amazing, but it does allow you to do 480p instead of just 480i, so for how inexpensive they are I think it's a worthwhile investment! I've also read that it makes movies look noticeably better, but I haven't played any to confirm/deny that.
its a good product it does the job . not the best but a good cable !!! u cant get any better deal then a couple of dollars for this cable .
I am currently emailing Eforcity about the product, but there does seem to be a lot of corruption in the picture. The overall picture looks fine just some flickering and lines appearing throughout the screen. I hope this is just a problem with mine but if you see any more reviews talking about something like this I would stay away from this product.

Side note: This is as close to HD as the Wii will ever get, buy an Xbox or PS3.
I was very disappointed in this item.  We thought we would get a better picture than the standard WII video cables, but definatley took a leap in the wrong direction.  I would not recommend.
The video quality is fine but if you have your hdmi plugged directly into your tv and have a separate receiver for audio, the cables are way too short to fit in both, so right now if I want to use the better video signal, I have to use the tv audio. I'll try to rip open the cables to make them reach but this is really a design flaw, although many newer receivers have hdmi connectors on them, there are a lot that don't.
I purchased this Wii HDTV cable to hook up to my brand new HD TV. Easy installation and I wanted to get the most out of my gaming unit.
This product is very good and works fine. Buy it if you want it. it lets your we display in HD format of 480p which looks alittle better than normal Av cable it comes with. To the untrained eye you might not even notice the diffrence.
Se nota la diferencia de inmediato cuando usas este cable y lo mejor es el precio que tiene. Me costo mas el envio que el mismo cable, pero vale cada Dolar que pague.
love the price and i saw a big change on my wii. everything is more clear on the games and on netflix movies.
I agree with most other reviewers on this cable in that it helps with the Netflix viewing, but not so much with the gaming. I think this is because of the way the games are made (I could totally be wrong on this). Certain games like Donkey Kong Country Returns look better with this cable, but Black Ops looks the same. There is a noticeable difference in my Netflix streaming though. So, for six bucks this is what I got, and I'm happy with it, but not over the moon.
After few months of use cable flicker and video goes off as i watch my netflix online using component cable. Picture quality is very accurate on my LCD. I don't know if flickering is due to cable or my nitendo but some online site suggested it could be cable.
First, this is a low cost cable, and so is built.  The RCA ports are easy to get loose and slip out of the tv connector.  Also is not well shielded , you will have to route the cable away from RF interference or power lines, or you'll notice flickering video.  Overall in a simple connection it should work fine, but in a entertainment system where are some other devices, as home theater, networking equipment, etc, the cable will pick a LOT of Noise.  Also it should be a permanent installation, since it is not sturdy enough to resist multiple pulling in / out of the connectors.  Otherwise it will do the trick, and having your WII in 480P will not make it a HD console, that the wii is not capable of, but picture will be clearer, sharper (I don't know, but in my 40" LCD image out of the standard cable seems a bit blurry)and with more defined colors
I have a Wii and a 1080p TV, but I don't play the Wii often enough to spend $30 for component cables that should have come with the system.

These work wonders. My boyfriend plays Monster Hunter and now the monsters are defined and colorful.

For the price, these are fantastic. I was skeptical when I read reviews about the sound quality, but I have not noticed any problems whatsoever.
If your looking to upgrade from the standard belive me it's a big differance. Atleast on my LCD with the wires nintendo gave the screen was blurry and so unattractive :) I ordered these (because the price was unmatched...how do u beat 5$) and can honestly say it was one of my better purchases. Really "changes the game" for me!! Very pleased
The Wii wasn't meant for Hi-def, but the 480p with the component cables makes the picture much crisper. It definitely worth the value.
Works perfectly, exactly as advertised, and I can tell the difference on my 40" television.
This cable did its job advertised. The improvement is not dramatic, but it is noticeable and worth it at this cost. I would probably have been disappointed if I paid full price for the Nintendo cable.
I did not have any difficulty with the size of the plugs in the back of my TV, a Vizio from Costco.
when i hooked it in i encountered buzzing and visual problems, the quality was fuzzy and the standard wii cables look better. i would be more mad but i guess i got what i payed for.
I didn't notice much of a difference on my hd tv with this cable. Even though I changed the setting to 480 p. I tried Netflix streaming and it was ok. The price is great! So it's an ok cable that doesn't make much difference, but I would still recommend it, so that you can use a component input on your tv, instead of composite.
...that Nintendo (or Sony, Monster Cable, etc.) can ask so much for things that don't cost nearly so much to manufacture; the name brand cables are probably made in China right alongside these third-party counterparts. $30 was out of the question for me right now, so I figured I'd take a chance on this. 5 or 6 bucks, WITH shipping. It does come in a clear plastic bag with no labeling or instructions, but it's a high-quality cable that performs perfectly. No problems whatsoever (grant it, I've only had it a day, but I don't forsee anything changing as sturdy as it is). The colors are noticably brighter, and to my surprise, everything does appear crisper! As mentioned, just remember to go to Wii Settings and change TV resolution to 480p.
I was looking for a cheap way to take advantage of the system's 480p capability.  I found this after looking on line and it arrived reasonably fast.  The cable preforms fine except that when ever anything kicks on, ie dishwasher, refrigerator, furnace, in our house I get flicker on the television set.  Now it isn't enough to return the product as I bought cheap and received cheap.  I may go back to the cables that came with the system and live with 480i.

Just beware that when buying cheap you have to remember that you get what you pay for.
then wii is not hd it only has standard def out on it (for now) so buying this item for an hd tv is very pointless use your a\v cables people! there is a rumor of a hd wii in the making but no offical word as of yet,so before you some totally insane item do your research people.
I agree with other reviews that the video for gaming is not improved in "HD" using a component video cable with your Wii console.  I looked at the bowling game before and after switching, and it looked the same.
I got the disc from Netflix for watching movies on the Wii.  I compared by starting a movie with the original video cable.  The video was fuzzy and just blah on my HD TV.  Paused the movie and switched cables.  Restarted the movie and it looked the same.  Then I realized that I have to go to the Wii set up menu to change from 480i to 480p.  After that the picture was much better.  Netflix "Instant" streaming movies now look as good as playing the DVD.  The image is sized to fill my wide screen HD TV.

The cable itself has full sized plugs for video and audio.  On my TV the jack spacing leaves no gap between plugs, making plugging it in tight.  Make sure every plug is fully inserted if you have picture or sound issues.
cable arrived in timely manner. Hooked it up to TV but did not work properly. Wii picture was close to black and white only. Appears that the leads were mislabeled or misaligned as sound only came on when the green video connection was plugged in. Would suggest buying different cable. Not sure if will return, cable very cheap relative to cost of shipping return
The image quality seems to be leagues better than it was before.

When I first hooked up my Wii we (my girlfriend and I) had a 27 inch Sanyo tube television.  The picture looked great because of the aspect ratio; video game systems were built around televisions like this.  We soon decided we wanted a bigger and better image and upgraded to a 37' Vizio LCD.  We were saddened to see picture quality decrease exponentially and quickly became confused as to why our Wii didn't look great on what we knew to be a much better television.  We found these cables online and after applying them noticed the picture was 100% better in quality.

Long story short:  Researched component cables, found them on Amazon for a great price. Ordered cables, arrived very quickly and they worked as described.
Works just as well for $3.02 as the component cable that WII sells for $27.99.
for the record, ive only had these cables for about a months or so.
just to address the immediate concern:
the cables are of a quality physical build
they give a much more crisp picture than composite cables, and the quality is just as good as expected.
there are a few problems i have with this item though...
the heads of each wire are FAT. the component ports on my tv are spaced pretty close together, so its hard to fit all the wires into each port. (thats what she said!)
my final gripe with the product is that the packaging it came in was pretty cheap looking. it came in a white box that totally said "hey...were third party and we know it." its not that i really care what the stupid packaging for cables looks like, but it just sort of made me question the quality of the product right out of the box.

i will not take off any points for the things i don't like, because i know that peoples real concern when buying cables is picture quality.
YES, these cables are very sufficient in that aspect. i just hope they STAY a good quality and not deteriorate over time. oh and they where affordable too! ;D
Awesome game... been looking for a game comparable to Cool Boarders (play station) so that I only have to have my XBOX plugged in.
Pretty fun would defiantly recommend it but the radio and some sounds are a little glitchy like the radio randomly cuts out but not for every song and its not a disc issue still one of my favorite series of all time
I've enjoyed the SSX series since inception and this one was no different.  I inherited an old Xbox from a family member and wanted a few games I'd enjoy keeping my hand-eye coordination up to.  This one is fun and challenging.
Brings back a lot of memories from my childhood. But it's apparently harder than the PS2 version. o.o Thanks for the awesomeness anyways :3
Wanted this game for a long time, controls are tricky to get used to be soooo much fun once you get it down
SSX 3 is still such a fun game, despite the fact that its getting a bit old. It works perfectly with the 360, and once you get used to the controls (if you had the ps2 version previously), the gameplay is fun, fast, and challenging. The game has excellent replay value, the collectibles, cheat characters, unlockables, and opponents beating your high scores in game keep you coming back.
The soundtrack is great, highly eclectic and mixed together.
i played this once on my sons x box and went out and bought the system and all the ssx games i could find thier all great i.if you love the mountains as much as i do this is the next best thing to being there the grafics are awsume,exquisite,fantastic you name it. you get to snow board down the hills a break neck speeds and and not worry about smashing your brains or anything else on some tree or rock and nevermind frost bite too .the caracters are great  plenty of attitude. i'm 53 and stuff like this brings the kid out in me luv it
Tricky was great, and this release is (amazingly) even better.
Prior reviewer is spot on.
It's you against the mountain. SSX 3 challenges gamers to drop in and conquer a massive, living mountain rife with ego-crushing challenges and gravity-bending thrills. Sporting an all-new open-ended gameplay structure, gamers are free to ride anywhere gravity takes them, seamlessly boarding from one event to the next as they begin their assault on the mountain's three larger-than-life peaks.

Gamers will need to overcome everything the mountain throws at them-from fierce lightening storms and breathtaking vertical drops to serpentine slope style courses and earth-swallowing avalanches-on their quest for the ultimate adrenaline rush. The mountain presents gamers with a world of open vistas and fresh powder for out of bounds exploration, filled with trick venues, rail parks, racecourses, and half-pipes with new tricks to master and new competitors to leave in the dust.

More than two years in the making, SSX 3 is a massive sequel to SSX and SSX Tricky, the games that started the EA SPORTS BIG brand. Buckle up your bindings as a returning veteran or fresh-faced rookie. Get ready to take on other riders-and the biggest challenge yet-the Mountain itself.

Key Features

Conquer the Mountain: The larger-than-life mountain is your playground, your racetrack and your launch pad. Three massive peaks offer thrilling new opportunities for exploration, competition, and good old-fashioned showboating. Beat all three peaks and you're in for an epic half-hour ride down the face of the entire mountain.

Go Anywhere: No menus. No restrictions. The mountain is an open canvas for gamers to explore-seamlessly ride from event to event, with no load times and no set path for gamers to follow. Hundreds of collectables, secrets, and shortcuts await.

More Tricks: Gamers will have access to a massive arsenal of new Uber Tricks and special moves-from handplants to board presses. A new three-tiered Uber Trick system now includes one-footed Ubers, rail-based tricks and signature moves for each character. A new combo system allows for nearly endless combos that can run the length of the entire mountain.

Characters: Four new characters join six returning favorites. Mac, Elise, Zoe, Moby, Psymon, and Kaori are back, and they're joined by the crazy Swede Viggo, mountain man Nate, 12 year-old phenom Griff, and the talented and sexy Allegra.

Rich, Natural Graphics: A team lead by an Oscar-nominated visual effects artist has created the most immersive, stunning visual SSX experience to date. Capturing moments of both sublime scenic beauty and heart-pounding natural disaster, SSX 3 blends subtle environmental effects like glistening snow and swaying trees with the trademark SSX graphic flash and attitude.

Soundtrack: An adrenaline-charged soundtrack delivers bleeding-edge tracks and tomorrow's hits from artists including the X-Ecutioners, Felix Da Housecat, Queens of the Stone Age, N.E.R.D., and many more.

Big Challenges: Gamers will find 150 unique hidden challenges, designed to test their speed, skill and style as they explore untamed backcountry areas.

Customization and Rewards: Win BIG and you'll be rewarded. SSX 3 let's players level up character abilities, win killer gear, stock their trophy room and buy mp3s for personal play lists and much, much more.
SSX3 was the best fo the series.  No SSX before or after has been as fun to play.  The graphics and overall fun of this game are incredible.
Works great.
It'll prolly be as good as it gets.
works as GREAT as the original did..
It does it's job quite well. It's not the exact same touchscreen (though they are the same shape and size with the ribbon cable in the same spot) used by Nintendo, but they do the same things. This touchscreen isn't as crystal clear as the one on Gamepad. This one has a slightly rough matte finish on it, making the image on the Gamepad look ever so slightly grainy. The effect is almost unnoticeable during play though.

Some websites say the Touchscreen and the LCD are fused. This is NOT true. They're simply held together with adhesive. I used a spudger to carefully seperate the two pieces, and was able to salvage the original adhesive for the new touch screen. Also of note, The border around the screen on the Gamepad is attached to the touchscreen via more adhesive. Try to loosen it by heating it up with something like a hairdryer, then take a spudger to seperate it from the old touchscreen, and reattach it to the new one.
Little nervous about doing the repair. It is just a piece of glass. I was anticipated the whole screen and digitizer together. Not sure it it is worth it at this point. I'll update if I get it done.
Scary the first time you repair, but is a very simple process especially if you use youtube so don't be scared!
The Screen was not new. It was full of scratches and dents. I cleaned it up and installed it because I didn't want to go through the hassle of returning it and getting another one. It did work but once again it is not new and in bad condition.
I didn't get the right one as the one showed in the picture and I was easy to install but didn't even respond when I turned gamepad and touched everywhere nothing worked.
Exact fit great price
this arrived with scratches already in the touchscreen!! BEWARE
however this did work after installation
USE THE IFIXIT INSTRUCTIONS
Works as intended for a s*** ton less than Nintendo wanted to charge me.
Advertised as digitizer, but you only get a clear plastic screen, not the digitizer.
I don't know about the quality of the product because when it arrived the screen was shattered.
Good quality at a good price. Itbwas exactly what I needed.
Dropped something on my Gamepad (which broke the Digitizer).  This replacement did the trick.  Make sure to have the right (triwing) screwdriver and watch some videos on Youtube on how to replace this.  It can get pretty complicated, be patient and careful.
This is a great product when you are needing to repair your Wii U screen.
Terrible Came BROKEN
Worked great
Package came and I immediately thought there was a problem. There were very deep scratches on the plastic packaging I thought for sure would be transferred to the screen. Turns out the screen was ok, but very, very dirty. It took me about 5 minutes to clean all the smudges and marks.

I installed it with some apprehension because the ribbon connector was bent pretty badly. After installation, it worked just fine. You really can't beat being able to fix it yourself for under $10 though. It did come with the black border, so that was nice.

I have no idea what the "free gift" is because I didn't get one. But I do have one happy little guy!
Had cracked the screen on my gamepad and removing the digitizer it too broke. Order this replacement and it worked great only it does not come with adhesive, so you will need to use the old or use something similar, I was able to reuse the old adhesive so it would stick to the screen and it worked perfect.
There was a spec of hard something in between the black plastic bezel and screen. The screen was non touch responsive until I removed it with a plastic spudger.
This was horrible, it was cheaply made and flimsy. I ended up throwing it out and sending my device to Nintendo for $99.00
Super easy install and works great
I installed this screen 4 months ago and it is working great.  I installed it myself with some difficulty, not for someone who is a beginner.
Bcfbcfumv
So many scratches so many greasy finger prints the free gift that was not in package must be frustration.
Although this stated it was new, when I received it there was dirt and grime all over the screen and the connection was folded.  It would not work in the gamepad due to the creased connection.
Came broken, was able to pull old one off of LCD and reus.
I was a little hesitant in getting the broken screen replaced on my Wii U pad but this worked marvelously.  I just followed along a you tube video and replaced screen with no problem.  I'm not saying it is super easy but will be a little challenging.  It is definitely worth it compare to buying a new pad.  Thanks for this money saving awesome product!
The most fragile screen ever,  it fell from 6 inches and i caught it (after installing it onto my gamepad) and it was cracked.
works perfectly with my wii u game pad
This is exactly what I needed and works perfectly!!!!
Worked perfectly with no issues.
Worked
Product as described and fixed the un responsive screen like I wanted. Saved $100.
The product itself is not a problem, just don't expect this to be an easy job to do.  You have to be very technical and there are a lot of tiny wires and many things that can go wrong during the replacement.  I do not recommend this if you do not know what you are doing.
it works just as it should. my one recomendation is that you get an actual tri wing screwdriver and not a bit.
Great value for the price, it fits, works and looks perfectly. i am giving 4 stars because it feels a little bit rough when you slide your finger. I guess i have to buy a screen protector so it can feel smoother.
My 5 year old son decided to murder my gamepad, and this is EXACTLY what i needed to repair it. The damage appeared to be from a red ink pen which he furiously scrubbed into the screen after he removed my screen protector(not a good day for anyone). The touch screen and its hard cover were both damaged.

Before you buy this part, look up some youtube videos on how to replace it, and decide if you're comfortable doing this.. It took me about an hour or two, to cautiously tear apart, and replace it. You will also need a special tri wing screwdriver to open the casing. It's nothing overly complicated, but you will be tearing your gamepad down to its bare bones since the screen in on the "bottom" of the device.

The screen i received had black trim on the front, which matched my black gamepad. Your mileage may vary on the color since it didn't specify in the item listing.

In the end, I replaced the screen and saved myself the pain of buying a new/used/refurb gamepad for $150-$180. If done properly, no one will ever know you opened the gamepad. There are no seals to break, or anything that would tip off Nintendo or Gamestop that you've tampered with it, in the event you send it in for warranty or trade it in.
came broken, returned it and second one was cracked as well
Great still working today
I have order this three times and they have come here broken.
It's great just wish it included the tri wing screwdriver to do the whole replacement
Not working
While not an OEM replacement, this screen works well as a replacement to the game pad screen for the Wii U. Be sure your digitizer is working properly before ordering though as there are other offerings on Amazon that include the digitizer and this does not. Also, a tri-wing screwdriver may be required to disassemble the game pad. While some have received a tri-wing with their order of this screen, I did not.
Very difficult to replace, but after following a youtube video and some patience, it works!
the installation took a bit of work, youtube video's help quite a bit.
but what the video I watched DID NOT MENTION, is that if you replace your touch screen with this, then you'll see a very noticeable silver boarder around your screen, that is from the LCD panel it's self.
you'll need your old screen, SO DON'T TROW it out yet, you'll need to pry off the plastic black square (carefully) and place it on your new touch screen.
With this installed, the black square will cover up the silver boarder, and make your tablet look just like when it was fresh out of the box!
EXCELENT!!!
Work's great, no problems
Works just like the original, just don't forget to purchase the digitizer as well
Product was completely unresponsive after being installed.
This is the second time we have had to order this because I have children who continually "DROP" the Wii U game pad. I youtubed how to put it in and then made my husband do it. If I attempted, it would probably be backwards and able to listen to alien spacecraft in our galaxy.
Fantastic.  Controller is like new again.
Unsure if product was good..the youtube videos make this fixing seem simple..its far from it..tiny pieces. We just purchsed another wiiu. Gonna send old bk for repair then sale
It was exactky what I needed.
It works!
id been stuck cuz my first disk wouldnt read and five years later i got myself another expensive copy of this game and it was totally worth it. the game itself is quite short but it has alot of options for after you beat the game theres a lot of extras and cheats .  you should definatly buy this one if you are a fan of Silent Hill like i am.  the soundrack is amazing too but what would you expect from Akira?  anyway you shouldnt regret buying it
Great game, In my mind the best in ther series....easy to play not too hard,puzzles are easy to figure out, grat replay value. The soundtrack is a most for fans of ther series!!
I have played every Silent Hill game and can honestly say that Silent Hill 3 is the the best looking, has the best presentation, and is the scariest of the series on the PS2.

Visually, the game looks pretty amazing, (even for being 7 years old).  Tons of shadow effects, hi-res texture maps, and some really cool "crawling" textures throughout the game.

The story, while not quite on par with the drama of SH2, is still quite interesting (though you may want to start with Silent Hill 1, at the stories are pretty closely linked and make more sense in sequence).

The sound is, as always, amazing.  It is what creates the majority of the fear and panic you will experience.

While the game is on the shorter side compared to the others, I would also argue that it has the most variety.  You will never be bored with/comfortable in any of the environments, (as happened occasionally in the previous games).

The gameplay hasn't changed significantly from the previous 2 games (save for some new weapons, a block move, and substantially fewer bullets and health items than were in SH2), and it isn't particularly "fun" to play, but the constantly oppressive atmosphere will steal most, if not all your attention, form this.

My opinion:  Silent Hill is not about fun, it's about being scared, (and you WILL be scared playing SH3)
I enjoyed the first Hawx game. However they left out some key things in Hawx 2

1) No coop mode - I really enjoyed that
2) Can't choose your own plane right off the bat. You have to use whatever they tell you.

Those two things will make me not play this game anymore!
Anyone who has ever played a flight sim can tell this is not like A10-warthog just by reading the info on the game. This is an arcade type game with some sim stuff add to make it sell more and be kind of fun and fast to play. Sometimes we all just want to blow the (blank) out of things and unwind. This is fairly well made and the graphics are ok for what it is(a game).
If you want a real flight sim this is not it. If you just want to get online and have some fun with others for a while this is it. The target aircraft can do hard right and left turns that would take the wings of any aircraft and thats not right but this is a game and not a sim. This was made sometime ago and graphics have come along way but it is ok for it's time.
You will not have any issues installing this or running this game on most systems with a gtx460 or better. You can max out all setting with one evga gtx560ti 2gb video card. The install dose take some time to get done and it will update for you when you run the sim the first time. This all takes 30min or so counting the install of the game.
It is what it is and thats a game not a flight sim but it is fun to play a few hours now and then.
I have a solid system and have had no issues running this at all.
If you are looking for a real flight sim that has ture reallistic flight of the aircraft and working cockpits, this is not for you. Try A10-warthog or wings over europe or wings over vietnam or IL-2. These are flight sims and run well on any solid sysetm with xp or windows 7 running.
This is a nice little arcade game with good graphics and some good chatter. It's fun to play with after spending time with DCS Blackshark.  It's a good shootem up. enjoyable!
played the first hawx with much gusto so i decided to get this one.  unfortunately, this second part requires you to be logged in online which is a hassle if you don't have the luxury of continuous internet access.
Hawk 1 is alot better than 2. Not worth  wasting money on. I was really disappointed in the lack of energy they put into making this game. get free gift cards from walmart, amazon, staples and much more just by clicking a button and obtaining points. Never costs a penny to you!!!!  Get 50 point sign on bonus bye using this link [...]
Ubisoft has made a number of excellent flight simulators/arcade games in the past. I found the original HAWX, while definitely on the arcade side of the spectrum, to be fun and engaging.

After eagerly awaiting the release of Hawx2 (PC version) for a number of months, I received it from Amazon (no local stores had it) to find that it required a permanent Internet connection to play; not just to install, but for actual game play. Since I do not play games on the Internet, and my larger gaming (flight sim) PCs don't even have an Internet connection. I had to return the game, unopened.

While the majority of PC gamers do play on line, there are some of us who don't and have no desire to. I fully understand Ubisoft's concern over piracy, but they are excluding a number of previous and potential customers by attempting to lock down their product in this way. Honestly, it seems like all it will accomplish is to force "hackers" to come up with a crack for it sooner rather than later.

After doing a few Internet searches, it seems that A. Ubisoft has done this with several games in the past and B. that there is a fairly loud voice of outrage over it, not only by those, like me, who don't play over the Internet, but those who would like the option of using the game when an Internet connection isn't available. Oddly enough, the same game for Wii or Xbox doesn't have this requirement.

If the game plays like Ubisoft's previous sims, I'm sorry I won't be able to see it. Thanks Ubisoft.
Great graphics and fun to play. At first, playing on a keyboard was a bit challenging for me but I got now. If you like flying combat games this is it.
THE GAME IS CRAP!
I WONDER WHY THIS GAME IS STILL ON SALE IF YOU CAN'T PLAY IT
I F**KING NEED MY MONEY BACK!
I'M NEVER THIS PISSED OFF AND VULGAR
Good, not great.  Too scripted and difficult to land after missions.
Excelent
excellent
I really enjoyed the previous version of Hawx and other Ubisoft flight "sims", however I wasn't thrilled about this game needing permanent Internet connection. Since it's been out for nearly 4 years, I figured "what the heck", the bugs would have been patched and it might be worth a try - it wasn't.

The game doesn't work on my PC. Installation was fairly long, but smooth, however as soon as you try to load the actual gameplay, you are rewarded with a "Failed to restore network connection" error message. Ubisoft has several solutions for this, including opening the PC's firewall, turning the PC into a DMZ (via the router) or opening several ports on the router. These are fairly easy to do, but despite several attempts and reconfigurations, it still didn't work!

The only other option would be to download a "crack" to bypass the Internet requirement, but using unauthorized cracks isn't something I care to do.

I understand that some people have gotten this game to work, and that's great. I tried it on a fairly simple PC which met or exceeded the game's requirements and had a strong Internet connection - still no dice.

Apparently the games current following is pretty limited and the company has lost interest; unfortunately so have I.
Thanks Ubisoft.
I got the software in a sealed unopened case. I tried to install the program and the error code was 'Key code was been used before'.  I am in contact with Ubisoft.com for support. I hope to have it fix soon. So I can use it and rate it.
I loved the first Hawx PC game when it came out. Playing Hawx 2 got boring after several missions, is just a shame.
It's a good flight simulator. I have played the earlier version and novalogic F22 before. I am enjoying playing this game. I haven't yet completed this game. This game focuses on dog fights and air support to ground targets. Landing is not properly taken care of. I do not enjoy landing planes in this game. New buyers should always keep in mind that it needs a high speed internet connection to play this game.

Enjoy
This game was more than I expected it to be. The landings in game have added a lot to the challenge of the game.
The graphic on the planes are nice even though some of the planes have incorrect features.  The game is good old fun, no intensive brain power required.  I wish there are more operations available but for a few bucks I guess I maybe asking for too much.  You need to look online to find out how to achive the challenges (and scores), there is minimal information in the manu come with the box.  Also, I think they can improve the third person view because right now I have to hold down the C or D key for locking on emermy or self rotate, which is inconvenience while using the joystick.

Update:  My original review is for H.A.W.X. only, not H.A.W.X.2.  I don't know how Amazon mixed it up!
For all those who have written bad reviews and/or who have had problems making this adapter respond 100% to your N64 controller (or the PS controllers), you have to calibrate the controller under the gaming controllers option when you go to your Control Panel directory.

If your controller does not work still even after you calibrate, then most likely it's either your controller being too old or for some reason just won't function.  The adapter itself works fine.
They work great for awhile but now I have had 3 break and stop working completely.
First and foremost this product does work with Vista no problem. I plugged it in and it was immediately recognized and started working. There was nothing I had to setup or fool around with. I am using this with an emulator to play Goldeneye and it works great. It does seem to made cheaply but it gets the job done and performs as intended. I recommend that you place this somewhere where you won't accidentally trip over the cord and break the unit though. I have mine plugged in the top USB port on my computer and have the unit velcroed to the inside of my computer desk so It's not dangling around. All in all this is a good product that works as advertised with no drivers to download (at least for Vista) and was well worth the $20.
I was a little worried because of the whole compatability issue, but it seems to work pretty well so far. I think some of the slowness is more the emulator, or my computer rather than the adapter. Its pretty sweet but it took some time to get my setting right...

over all, its worth the money.
I bought this thing, it didn't work, then discovered after much Googling that it is not compatible with Vista.  Great.

On the "help page", it says (and I quote verbatim), "BUT for the N64 joypad, isn't ALL joypad can working steady since the structure of N64 joypad is very complex, so we can't 100% guarantee your N64 joypad can 100% work. You have to think over it before you decide to buy this device."

Considering that you can only read the help files (on a CD) once you buy the device, that is not very helpful.
Overall this product was exactly what I wanted, but there were some things that could have been better:

1. The instructions that came with it were outdated, and confusing.

2. There was no where (except for forums I found on Google) to go for help...

So, basically, I finally figured out how to make it work on my PC, but the frustration costed about 2 stars...
None of my N64 controllers worked with it (tried 6 different controllers). PS2 controllers work perfectly.
didn't work correctly
I purchased this product to allow me to use the N64 controller on my computer, while playing N64 emulators and it NEVER worked.
He order this product. So I guess he is happy with product for his game. Never complained about it at all.
It's a cool piece of hardware in theory, but it needs to be re-worked. I found out the hard way that this didn't work. I was hoping to play SSB64 online but wasn't able (even after hours of research and searching for drivers) to get it to work on my Windows 7 PC. I finally stumbled upon a page that told me it doesn't work past Windows XP.
Does what it says it should do! I don't use it much now that I have a PS2 again and a Nintendo 64, but my little brothers and sisters use it, and it works just fine. Toodles!
if you love using emulators and playing old classics anytime you please without worrying if the console or the game still work, then you have to get this adapter and enjoy/relive good times playing
I does not work properly. It only gives some functionality to the N64 controller and the PS2 controller it doesn't work at all. The Logitech controller for PC is an adequate replacement for PS2 but the N64 controller is a custom device. With the right driver this adapter could work.
This adapter has not worked at all for me with any N64 controller (I tried two), and barely works with a PS2 controller. The "documentation", if it can even be called that, is a hodgepodge of Engrish and Gibberish. dissatisfied, I later bought the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/May-Flash-N64-Controller-Adapter/dp/B002B9FIUU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">May Flash N64 Controller Adapter</a>, which works wonderfully.
I have come to find that the seller was very quick to ship the item.i was very pleased with the timeline in which i recieved it, however the product itself was a very poor quality and caused malfuntions in the equipment i used it in
It works fine for PS/PS2 controllers, though rumble isn't supported. In analog mode, the D-pad is mapped to buttons 13-16 instead of a hat switch as you might expect. This can mean extra configuration for some games, but it does allow it to register simultaneous presses of opposite directions (eg. left+right), which has always been one of the odd things about PlayStation controllers. In digital mode, the left stick reads as centered but the Z and Z Rotation axes (right stick) are either all the way up or down, which can cause some trouble.

The N64 side doesn't work at all for me. I tried it with both an OEM Nintendo controller and an InterAct MakoPad 64 (both tested and work perfectly with a real N64). With both of them, all buttons and axes (even the ones N64 controllers don't have, like the right stick) constantly press and unpress on their own.

Note that there is a switch on the left side of the unit that switches between N64 and PlayStation modes. Away from you is PlayStation (left/red LED), towards you is N64 (right/green LED). I say this because there are no instructions and the switch is completely unlabeled.
Although I haven't tried the Playstation jack, I have been using the N64 Jack to play N64 ROMS on my PC and it works great once you can figure out how to get it set up with the Emulator. The only negative is the lack of software to install or help, or anything resembling support but I also bought mine used.

Very simple and plug and play.
This simply does not work for N64. I have since purchased the "MayFlash" adapter, which works great. I have heard that maybe one of four controllers work with this unit. That is unacceptable. Do yourself a favor and pass on this.
I got this as a way to use my N64 controller with my Mac and PC based emulators.  first off. the reason it gets 2 stars is that the controller did work for my PS2 pack. however since the main reason I got it was for use with N64 emulators I felt very disappointed. I ordered another one, the only other one on the market is seems that has 2 N64 plug ports, and that worked flawlessly.

as a duel function device, this isn't worth the unsealed cardboard box it came in.

as a PS2 2 usb adapter, it is ok.
Maybe it was just my operating system, but my computer could detect the usb hub, but could not detect any input from the N64 controller. After I recieved it, the cd included said that the N64 function does not work on all systems. I would advise looking into it before purchase to ensure that it works for your system.
I got this thing several years ago and I must say it is junk. The ps1 controller aspect worked fine but I bought this for the n64 adapter. That was a nightmare, when trying to calibrate it, the button detection and throddle were all over the place. I just today found that the power port to the n64 female was broken, I resoldered it and to my horror it was outputting 4.13 volts! The range should be 3.20-3.40 volts otherwise you risk damaging the controller. I DO NOT RECOMMEND.
This thing is cheap and defective, DOES NOT WORK on N64 side, When calibrating, says random buttons are being pressed, DO NOT BUY
This adapter works fine running Windows 7.

However, be aware: It requires quite a bit of finagling to get running, and you NEED (or at least I needed) a PS2 controller to configure either controller.

If your experience is similar to mine, you will not be able to stop the N64 controller's buttons from spazzing out and letting you configure it at all unless you have a PS2 controller to plug in. I also have to leave the PS2 controller plugged in while playing with the n64 controller.

Be willing to sit down and tinker around with your control settings. When I got it to work with pj64 (sorry, can't speak for any other programs), I configured the PS2 controller first with the default Jabo plugin, then switched it over and configured the n64 controller using N-Rage. If you have a basic/good working knowledge of emulators and controller configuration, you should be able to work your way through.

Once configured, she works (almost completely) like a charm. Every now and then the adapter likes to have a fit, but a simple unplug-replug fixes that.

For those wondering if you can run two controllers at the same time on this, the answer is NO. You can't use one of these adapters for multiplayer--it must be switched to EITHER n64 OR PS2. You CAN use the Mayflash adapter for multiplayer.

If you want an n64-only controller adapter, go for the Mayflash adapter (with 2 ports). I also own one of them, and really, they are MUCH easier to configure. If you also want to be able to use a PS2 controller, though, this'll do.

I may return with an update on using the PS2 controller with other games.
Hope this review helps someone out there. :)
The PS2 portion works completely fine. The N64 portion doesn't, as every button spazes out and makes it impossible to bind or use anything.
I ordered this product with hopes to get in on some good N64 emulation, instead I received a headache. It was plug and play, as advertized which was accurate. The PS2 port worked just fine but the N64 port, as others have mentioned, malfunctions. The buttons press on their own, it's just awful. I tried every little fix mentioned by others and I'm pretty damn tech savvy so for me to not get this thing to work, good luck trying it with yours. Seriously, do not buy this product, even if it does work I doubt ti will for long. It's cheap plastic, the ports are anything but firm, there's rattling plastic inside and if the appearance doesn't scream "cheap" to you right off the bat, I don't know what would. The only reason this thing is getting 2 stars and not 1 is because the PS2 port works which may serve me some use eventually.

Out of frustration I ordered the May Flash N64 Controller Adapter with over-night shipping. I plugged it in, no drivers needed, plugged BOTH controllers in and they worked no problem, literally took 30 seconds from plugging it in until I was playing. On a 64bit version of Windows 7 Home Premium!!
Do not buy from this joke. It says it was new, it was not, I plugged it in, it does not work, I asked for a refund, no response, asked to send it back for my money back, no response. this person is a joke and a looser
This adapter does work, but only with one of my 4 original Nintendo 64 controllers. (Blue, not that it means anything.) The other controllers went berserk when plugged in; the computer registered random buttons being pressed and the analog stick being moved erratically every half second.

I have heard that the controller's buttons/analog stick going crazy on the computer was an issue with the voltage being too high from USB vs through the normal Nintendo 64. However, the one controller working while the others did not is strange.

I use Windows 7. You may need to calibrate via Devices and Printers, or if it works and then stops working the next time you turn on your computer, you may get some luck by unplugging and replugging in the USB end to reload it.

It functions flawlessly on the controller that works and feels like it does on the real system. I am satisfied.
Look, I went into the configuration to set the controller to the game, but all of the button signals were being sent through the device all at once! Basically, it was pushing every button at one time! Good for those who bought it and it worked. Amazon sells another kindof device that had WAY higher ratings and MUCH MUCH better customer satisfaction rate. May Flash N64 Controller Adapter for PC USB.
The N64 port, which i bought it for, doesnt work. The playstation port works great with ps1 or two and if you really want to play your N64 games, just use a dualshock. you can use the analogs for the joystick and C-buttons. Because the 64 port doesnt work, i cant give it more than three stars. like i said, you can play N64 games with a dualshock which is weird at first, but once you get used to it, its all good.

PS - this works with Project 64 (comes up as 12 button joy stick), Fceux (nintendo emulator) and Snes 9x, may work with others, not too sure.
What I have:

PC with Windows Vista 64 bit edition
2 original N64 controllers
1 Dualshock 2 (actually it's a knock off)

N64 controllers: Both N64 controllers spaz out. The joystick appears to twitch and the yellow buttons appear to flicker when viewing the inputs on the controller control panel program. oddly enough, one controller seems less crazy than the other. The controllers seem to calm down a bit and act more normal when the Dualshock controller is plugged in.

Dualshock 2: It works just fine. The central dead zone is a big, but all buttons and joysticks work
This thing doesn't work.  It comes with no instructions.  It comes with a "CD" with all the drivers on it but nothing works even when you install it.  It doesn't have any configuration instructions or even gives a general idea on what to do.  Don't buy it.  Just buy a used N64 instead.  Waste of money.  I am waiting to return mine.  I will update it if they don't refund it and inform if they are scammers and I will file a claim with amazon.

Just in case you didn't understand DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't waste time buying this adapter if your running windows 7, and as earlier commented in reviews, the english typed in is exactly as quoted.  so how are you supposed to know whether to buy it or not until you've already bought it?  DON'T BUY this adapter.

 I have since bought a Mayflash n64 to pc adapter. It doesn't require a driver just plug in and ready to go.  i use it for project 64 and device shows up under controller plug in devices.  set map key and works great.
I just received this in the mail and I can't get it to work :/

I plug it into my MacBook Pro and the lights light up, but running it with sixtyforce I can't get it to recognize a controller is plugged in to work.
The description says Mac compatible as well as plug and play. A huge let down.  Am I possibly just overlooking something?
At first the adapter didn't work when I plugged in an n64 controller.  I found out it only works with like 50% of controllers, so I traded with some friends and it works beautifully now.  everywhere I go with my laptop I also have a 4-player N64 console with an unlimited amount of games.  if you hook up your laptop to your TV you can get a realistic n64 experience, not to mention ps1 and ps2.  It does take some time configuring, but once it works its great.  Also, they break kinda easily, but they're $7.00 so I'm not complaining.\

Edit: There is a much better adapter that allows users to connect 2 controllers for the same price, and it is MUCH more reliable!
We were able to get the product to work, as per the instructions previously posted on this review page; it took some finagling. Unfortunately, for the N64 controller, to the best of my knowledge, the controller only allows for up, down, left, and right on the analog stick with this product, though the original pupose of the analog stick was meant to allow you to go diagonal as well. This can make playing some games difficult.
This adapter does work as advertised with only a few minor flaws. PS2 controller port works absolutely fine...the only problem is with the N64 port. Apparently some users have reporter the buttons going crazy whenever the configuration is switched to use the N64 port. This is true...IF you don't plug in a PS2 controller at the same time. Apparently there is a design flaw that causes the signal to mess up without a PS2 controller in the port, so that can be problematic if you don't own one. Not to mention it can be slightly annoying to calibrate. At least with my controller, sometimes pushing the analog stick in a direction doesn't always make it go all the way, so it takes some fiddling. If you do what I described it will work fine, and it's fully compatible with Win 7.

Because of the above flaws, however, I can't rate it more than 3 stars. If you have both controllers and need an adapter for both, then this will suit you fine. However, if you want just an adapter for the N64 only I would recommend getting something specifically for that purpose over this dual adapter.
As others have mentioned this device does not work as advertised.

The ps2 controller part will work, but apparently the n64 part is overvolted, causing random button mashing and making n64 controllers entirely unusable with this device. as others have said, avoid this like the plague. The company that sells this device sucks.
Like many other reviewers, I bought this to use my N64 controller with an emulator. This adapter worked perfectly with the first N64 controller I tried, besides having to recalibrate the analog stick to compensate for the wear it received over the years. However, my second N64 controller didn't work, it went haywire like many of the other reviews describe. It's very strange because I bought both of the controllers at the same time, the only difference is that the second controller had less play in the analog stick.

Also, there was no installation CD included with mine, but fortunately I didn't need it. The front side the packaging states "DRIVER INCLUDED" but the rear of the packaging states that the drivers are "pre-installed."

Even though it does work fine with one of my controllers, I definitely would not recommend this adapter to anyone.
POS.
The playstation portion works great.
The N64 part does not work at all.  I've tried this adapter using two different controllers on three different computers (XP and Linux) and every time the controller spazzes out.  It is not able to be configured at all.  The drivers provided are not accepted by Windows XP.
Waste of time and money.

Do NOT buy.
This piece of crap didn't work at all I even tried calibrating the controller and it still didn't work and I had a windows xp computer!!!
This adapter works perfectly with my MacBook Pro and SixtyForce. I have also had success using this adapter running parallels with Windows 7 and Project64. This is highly recommended if you want to play single player N64 roms.
Does not work with Project 64, probably the biggest N64 emulator. Tried Win XP & 7. It says random buttons are being pressed all the time. Driver does not install on XP or 7, although they both install a default driver, (electronic only) instructions were converted to English, so they suck.
The shipping on this thing was fast and reliable, but, as others have discovered, it doesnt work. I bought it mainly for the N64, and it will not calibrate under XP. Ive got the same random button press issues everyone is talking about. I can't understand how this thing got any good reviews, but I noticed all the good reviews are from a year or two ago. All the recent ones say it's crap. I'm inclined to agree. The CD is a confusing hodgepodge of Engrish, Chinese, and a few .inf driver files from 2002 here and there. And mine had a piece of broken plastic rattling around inside to top everything else off. I want to send this back for a return, but I doubt they'd give me my money back. I'd avoid this like the plague.
This adapter requires some stupid software that is for Windows XP 32-bit only and is in CHINESE. There was no indication of this whatsoever. You're a con artist.
I really wasn't expecting much when I bought one of these. I mean, does this even have a brand name? I don't think it does... Anyhow, I wasn't expecting a lot. I figured I'd be lucky if it worked and maybe kept working for a bit. About 4 years later... I'm still rocking this thing and it's still working just fine. Definitely worth a try if you've got an N64 controller around and want to use it as a killer PC gamepad.
it works just fine, for those who say it doesnt wrok for vista you couldn't be any more wrong. If your using project 64 and u think it doesnt work try going to options, settings , input controller plugin and change it to nrage. then go to options again, configure controler plug in, go to the tab devices, and go to game pad pull down and select to controller. if u put ur head in it u can get it to work, the sky is the limit-B.I.G.
This is easily the worst thing I have ever ordered! when i first plugged it in Vista recognized it and installed the drivers just fine, and the emulators would recognize the controller, but it would not work. AT ALL!!! Don't buy this!
I was interested in this product for the n64 part.  Retrolink makes SNES and NES controllers for PC but no N64.
Trying to get a PS2 controller to work on a PC is stupid because every major PC gamepad company has a PS2 copy of their controller that goes through native USB.

I tried all of the following on Windows XP SP3 32 bit and GNU/Linux Kernel 2.6+, same results.

PS1 Controller: (Both official Sony controllers)
Dualshock (Analog sticks): Worked, but the back L and R buttons (L2 and R2) would not trigger.  Both analog sticks tracked perfectly.
Original (No Analog sticks): Worked perfect.  Back L and R buttons work.

PS2 MadCatz Controller:
Didn't work at all.  It was however a madcatz and not an official sony controller.
Had no authentic ps2 controllers to test.

N64:
I had two controllers to test with it.
Transparent purple:  Every button worked, but the analog stick would not go %100.  Jamming it to the right shows only a slight movement even though I moved it %100.  Windows configuration was impossible since the C buttons kept firing like someone was pressing them all madly.
Gray:  All buttons worked but the analog stick and all of the C buttons went haywire and fired constantly.

Maybe I got a bad one, but I really think this thing sucks.

If you're looking for a usb adapter for N64 controllers, try&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/May-Flash-N64-Controller-Adapter-for-PC-USB/dp/B002B9FIUU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">May Flash N64 Controller Adapter for PC USB</a>.
If you're looking for a usb version of a PS2/PS1 controller, go for the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-Dual-Action-Game-Pad-USB/dp/B0000ALFCI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech Dual Action Game Pad USB</a>.
Works great. My only complaint is that the red light broke. I've used it on Windows 98, XP, Vista, and 7 without any issues.

To the people complaining about low range - make sure you calibrate your controller in Windows first. Also keep in mind that the N64 control stick is notorious for wearing out quickly and that the problem may be with your N64 control stick rather than this converter.
The product arrived, and like others I had problems. I had the random button press issues, and it was definitely on the right toggle setting (on the other toggle setting, it got constant input regardless of state, whereas sometimes I could track which buttons were being pressed on the current toggle). After playing for a little bit, I pulled the four screws out of the plastic and looked at the board. The wire soldering was not well done, and by pressing down on some of the connections I was able to stop some of the noise. Unfortunately, releasing pressure goes right back to random button presses. I'm sure some of these are well put together, but if you order it you're basically going for a crap shoot, at least on the n64 side. I don't have any PS2 controllers to try, so maybe that was done more reliably but I doubt it.
i don't know what i'm doing wrong, but this piece of crap won't work on my computer. it came with a floppy disk that my computer refuses to read and downloading a program for this converter didn't work either. a couple months ago (before i reinstalled windows xp) my husband somehow got our n64 controller working with this converter for snes & nes games, but the performance was poor. i figured it's because the controller is meant for the nintento 64 (duh, right?), but my hubby insists it's the converter. anyway, i'm just scorned that i wasted my money (on ebay) buying this thing just to go through all this trouble.
-- Product works just as if it is plugged in to the console --

Syncs up exactly, even tested with a SNES emulator just for kicks works fine on there.

-- There is a switch on the side that allows you to choose EITHER Ps2 or N64. --

Very important it does not allow two controllers to be used at the same time with just one box.

Even recognizes pressing of the analog button on the controller to switch from d-pad to analog stick.

-- Great product, probably going to buy a second. --
This product is defective. Random button press's. Random input from everthing possible. DO NOT BUY.
I bought this adapter about 10 years ago in 2000 when I got my first PS2.  I purchased it from [...] before it was shut down by Sony.  I used the adapter to play FFXI on my PC with a ps2 pad for over a year and had no problems.  I have a ~$150 Mas Systems Fighting Stick for Playstation that I bought at the same time as the adapter (i.e. almost ten years ago), and have recently used both to play SFIV on my PC, resulting in what I perceive as an [well run] arcade-quality experience.

I've also used it over the years for arcade emulation, specifically MAME32.  Ever wanted to play all the great Neo Geo games like Metal Slug with a PS pad, or the great fighting games like The Last Blade or Samurai Showdown series with your playstation fighting sticks?  This adapter made all of those possibilities easy and like I said I've enjoyed the adapter for almost a decade.

I have never hooked an n64 controller up to it but I only wanted the PS adapter and for $15 it has worked for over 10 years.  I've used it for 10 years now, everything from playing FFXI on a PC with a PS pad (imo the best way to play the game) to MAME32 to SFIV in 2009, and the thing still works perfectly.  I have zero complaints.
This little piece was purchased to enhance my gaming experience. It work like a charm. It's a very great device that works compatibly with Vista and works with any emulator you wish to use it for. Very great product. AAA+++
This product is intended to be used with a down loadable program called Xpadder. The program allows the keyboard keys to be used by the N64 controller. :)
I received the game controller converter pretty quickly, considering it's the holiday season.  There was a mini-cd inside the box with drivers and a manual.  I didn't need it though, since I had windows 7 64-bit, which already includes the drivers.  Windows recognized it as a 4-axis 16-button controller.  When I initially tried to use the N64 controller, the calibration test went bonkers, with buttons randomly being pressed and the crosshairs all over the place.  I plugged in a PS2 controller and flipped the switch to the PS2 port.  I had success with this one for about a day, it worked beautifully.  The following day, I couldn't get it to work at all.  Re-installed the driver, reset calibration, even plugged in the N64 controller at the same time, nothing made a difference.  Sumoto had no tech support of any kind that I could find.  I've spent an hour or 2 trying to troubleshoot this thing, and I think I'm done with it.  Time to go shopping for another converter... this time, doing some research on how successful the converter works.
Before I start, this is compatible with Vista! I've been using it with Vista (32bit) for over a year now. I also wanted to clarify that this adapter does exactly what it's supposed to do and it's not anywhere near as fragile as people are making it out to be!! Like I've said, I've had it over a year and no problems whatsoever! I strongly recommend this product, it's as easy as plugging in and playing! I'll definitely be buying a second one later on!
OK First.  This thing works.  100% (With Windows XP and Windows 7, not sure about Vista as I do not have that).

Unfortunately.  If you are not computer savvy, you might not want to buy this product.

What you need:

- Original N64 Controller.  As I write this review, I have ONLY tested the Grey one.
And it works GREAT.  Small note, you might want to clean up your old controllers for them to work their best).

- From your Control Panel, go to Game Controller.  Set up your Original N64 Controller in there.  To do that, Make sure your controller is plugged in, then go to Properties > Settings, then click the "Calibrate" button.  Follow the set up.  Remember Up&Down are on the Y Axis and Left&Right are on the X Axis).

- Then you want the newest release of NRage Input Plugin:  [...]

- Take your time reading the NRage Setup page. Really read it.

- To make the Joy Stick work (In the NRage Control), just go to the "Analog Stick" section.  Then Up for UP, Down for Down, etc...  Remember to input your other buttons as well.  Finally save your control settings!

If you think this is complicated, well, it can be.  There are lots of forums out there to help.  The best bet though is to go to the link I have posted above.

Good Luck!

UPDATE 9/29/2011:  It has been a few years and it is still working great.  I now have it hooked up to my new Window 7 Desktop computer (which is running through my HDTV).  I just followed the same steps as when I had it hooked up to my old comuter with Windows XP.

It is great playing Mario Kart and all the other classics on a big screen tv.  I could not be happier with this product.

..
The lack of software included was a little troublesome, but it didn't take me more than ten minutes to find working software that worked with this.
I've been using this constantly, absolutely no problems at all.
I cannot seem to get this controller to work, and I also don't believe that there is support for Mac computers. However, it shipped quickly!
This does what you'd expect; it works with Project 64, and I do use it on Vista (64 bit).

You'll have to fiddle a bit with the settings, use the N-Rage plug-in and set Analog Stick range to 100% and click on "Real N64 Range".

I think it's obvious, but I'll mention... you need an actual Nintendo 64 controller to work with this.
I have a MacBook Pro and not many n64 controller adaptors were for sale. I purchase this product and it works great. I didn't even have to use a installation cd, it worked right away. I'm satisfied with my purchase.
showed up on time and was well packed but.. when i plugged it in it didn't work with my games
This thing does work on vista and works great.  It was packaged perfectly and received fairly quickly.  Also you have to calibrate it on vista.
Continuing my review, the customer service is avoiding me with this message when I respond to their e-mails: Hi we have received your email and wanted you to know that we will
respond in 24-48 hours, ***WE ARE CLOSED ON WEEKENDS***  Please note
all orders placed on the weekends and Friday afternoon will be shipped
on Monday.
If you recently placed an order, your order will be shipped promptly
and we will send you an email stating so. In the rare case if there
should be a problem with your order we will be sure to contact you
right away.

Thanks for your business and patience,

Excess Source Customer Service Dept.

--
Sincerely,

Excess Source Customer Service

This is what I got just now on Tuseday Sept 29 2009.

If you plan on buying this product I hope you get a working one.
Product was delivered early and nicely packaged. It works just fine.. just needed some configuring with Vista, which is a problem for the manufacturer not the seller. Thank you for the speedy delivery! =)
Adapter would not work with my red official controller. After a little bit of convincing, it now works great with my yellow official controller. If you plan on purchasing this, make sure you have at least a couple working controllers hanging around in case one of them doesn't work with this device. Also make sure you have a good grip on troubleshooting. There is an undocumented switch on the device and no manual. There are several drivers on the CD included but no solid indication of which one to use.
When I first got this; it worked pretty well. A switch on the side changes what kind of controller you can use. I first thought this switch worked like a power button and thought a couple friends could play off the 2 slots but that was not true. The only problem Ihave with it is that I can't run in most N64 emulations; and it prevents me form playing those. It works good for other emulators though.
Nothing much to say, really, I needed something that would let me use an N64-controller on the PC - and after a round of calibrating the controller, this did just that.
I'm on XP at the moment so obviously making it work was no ordeal, just plugged it in for instant recognition. Good stuff!
I was a bit skeptical to buy this product after reading some of the negative reviews about this, but I had no choice but to try it because this was the only of its kind that I could find on the internet. And after purchasing it, I have no regrets. This package does not come with a manual, so it may be initially difficult for people who are unfamiliar with gaming controllers to use this.

Overall this gets the job done.
This is a great product. I have tested both n64 and ps2 sides. both work great. I ordered it on on a saturday.
Got an email that said it was mailed monday. And it was in my mail box that friday. Everything works great. Great for any gamer. Plus you can use your ps2/n64 controller to play snes nes etc. Great product and service. I have had no problems.
I can't get full range on the analog stick.  I can't find any other adapter except this one on the internet... as though this is the end-all be-all answer we were looking for.
I only used this for the N64 port, and it worked perfectly without any configuration.
This product does exactly what it says it does ( even on Vista for those non-believers out there ). Five Stars all the way.
My son sayes he is still learning how to customize the levels and is having some trouble changing ships. He liked 2006 better as it is easier to use. Will get in there and read the book..
This game has so many options that you can play for DAYS and never finish all of the missions.
If you love big boats or just boats in general and love being out on sea then this is the game for you!
I've played ship simulator 2006, and for me as marine engineer is very good simulation with some real ship maneuvering characteristics, but the 2008 demo version is even better, with very good sever weather simulation and how the boat response on it.  As I can se the buoyage system is now improved.
Excellent ship simulator.
So I got this and first it was kind of tedious but then I added weather and well the titanic in a hurricane can be a hoot I got 08 cause my laptop is horridly slow but when I get my hands on more computer power I'm going to get ship simulator extremes you tube gives you a good idea what to expect check it out there and see if its for you
Ship simulator 2008 is a fun game and I recommend to anyone who is heavy into PC simulators. It requires a fair amount of patience skil with the mouse.
My son loved the game! He plays it all the time. He plays with all this friends too and loves it.
My Son loved this, I gave it to him as a gift and he was thrilled. He could not put it down
TERRIBLE GRAPHICS, not at all like pictures available, not even close to any Microsoft Flight Simulator and views are terrible
Bought this for my son.  He advises a little disappointed in the ships graphics.  Ships are missing parts.  He does enjoy the game just wish the ships were more accurate in graphics.
This game is a slight Rip off.  I must admit the Speed Boat is cool as the Jetskies, Hovercraft and other fast (manuerable) watercraft to speed around on that is a blast...but I really am not so happy with it and this is exactly why, the missions hard to understand, very abstract and disorienting, if not done in the right sequence with multiple boats the mission remains incomplete, and they give you a list of boats with no clue as to what sequence to follow, the Tugs handle like (CRAP) as with the Cruise Liner, freighter and other larger vessels, yes I get that the game is aimed toward realism and respect that they handle that way in real life but lets be real, when I have a half a mile to spare and Im full reverse thrusting the Rotterdam Ferry and using full rudder and bow thrusters and I still slam into a boat, dock at (three) knots and sink and fail the mission that is just not acceptable.  I waisted a whole month trying to figure this game out and my whole morning going across the seas only to crash the Russian Tug into the Agile Solutions Freighter that I tried to tow from getting stranded on a dock from a game glitch...I am so glad that it was free off my Amazon gift card that I recieved for Christmas.  Because if I spent my hard earned money on this game I have to say I would have been quite upset.  Time to wipe this hog off my valuable hard drive and start over. If you want a good simulation game I highly recommend Flight Sim 2004 or FSX which is excellent and does the job. The seaplane is a blast and there are many downloads for the programs including a hovercraft from Hama Mitsuya that atleast has a spray effect where as the one in Ship simulaotr does not:-(( It is also equally as realistic:-))  I think I know what programs I highly value from now on. To wrap it up in a sumary Ship Sim '08 is a good game just not great since half of its ships and missions are unrealistic, Just my opinion.
It was a game that my son wanted but there is not any directions or help in how to use the different aspects of it. He isn't able to find out how to do certain parts of it because there aren't any help pages, etc.
My son wasn't to impressed with this game. Kind of boring and very hard to understand what the folks are saying. However, the product arrived in a timely manner and was pleased about how the transaction was handled.
Pure fun over CAR games I have played.  Sailing and power boating is exciting with tons of features.
Hope it becomes a leader in the USA.
He loves driving the boats & crashing them. He is 8 so he likes to destroy things lol. This game is fun for him.
Who is a German? A German is a piece of gadgetry which does what it is expected to do. And that's what this game is. I bought this title as part of research into a novel I am working on, and I am impressed by its factual presentation
This game is awesome It's everything I expected it to be the controls to game are good and graphics are good as well I advise you to buy this game you won't be disappointed.
I got the ship simulator but I tried to install it an it was confusing. 1 day later I install it and this time it did work, when it was time to play it, guess what it didn't went through! It sucks! O.O
It looks interesting at the beginning but I was bored after less than 25 hours of play. Not enough variety in the missions.
This game ship simulator 2008 is a great game itself as i tried a torrent before i purchased it. but when i went to purchase it December 26ish 2010 it said the estimated arrival was Feb. 11-16 2011 and i was a bit angry just because it was going to take about 2 month to arrive! thats insane! and when i finally got it a day after the 16 on the 17 i got it. tried it on my computer. it installed easily and then the code that it came with didn't work. i was pretty much about to throw this thing across the room, how do you mess something up that bad? my advice by from somebody else!!!!!!!!!
all the grafic didn't work, No instuctions no help , just a game Not a simulator no help with email support
I installed this on a Dell Dimension 2400 with 2GB of RAM and a Ge Force 6200 Video card.  OK it's not the card they call for. All I could see is neat looking rain and water.  It barely responded to any controls.  I gave up.  I will try on another PC.

I only suggest you'd better have exactly what they call for or better in a video card.
I love this simulator it is a lot of fun controlling ships and boats. I only wish the color was better, because all the water is usually grey. But, other than that you will have a great time if you love ships.
There are at least 5 missions that cannot be completed without joining the forum, then the Creator's Forum, and a lot of research, downloading, etc.  4 of these defective missions were built by "Bottman"...someone that should definitely find another occupation.
BUT...do not waste your time because the missions are incredibly boring and far from challenging.  The ones they label as "Hard" are as easy as those labeled "Easy".  My 6-year granddaughter could do most of them after 15 minutes of instruction.
Do not buy this product.  The GFX are circa 2003, the user interface far from intuitive, and the support abysmal. It's a waste of money & time.
Too bad.  Ship.sim 2006 was actually better....AND all the missions worked.  Vstep took one giant step backward.
The most amazing graphics you could see! If you own a flight simulator yoke and/or throttle quadrent you can make your gaming experice easier. The Crash effects may not show in trailers or videos, but in the actual game you can see the damage. I higly recomend to purchase this product. Happy Sailing! To Reader: THIS IS NOT A LITTLE LITTLE KIDS GAME IT IS COMCLACATED!
Nice game, like the fact that I can play with grandchildren far away from me.
I bought Ship Simulator for my 11 year old son who already had Flight Simulator 2002 and X-Plane.  He loves it and enjoys it more than X-Plane.  The missions are alot of fun but you will need alot of time to complete them as they are in real time. It takes a long time to load but it could be our computer. The directions are clear and easy to follow. I like the fact that even if you crash, you can keep going and not have to start over. You can purchase additional boats to download like a cruiseship but haven't tried that yet. There is plenty to do with the base product.
While this game is fun to play it has severe limitations.  If you are looking to captain a ship from Point A to Point B on a global cruise this game will not do it for you.  There are only about 15 or 20 harbors around the globe for you to sail and they are not connected.  So if you want to go from New York to London forget it because in the game there is nothing between the two.  Additionally, the graphics on this game are about ten years behind the high end games sold today.  Also, while the cover artwork of this game deceptively resembles MS Flight Simulator's cover artwork, MS has NOTHING to do with this product. Do not expect a start to finish trip in this game like you have in any of the MS Flight Simulator versions.  You are basically limited to sailing an ocean liner, tanker, or cruise and cargo ships up and down some harbor like New York.  The missions prove to be the bright spot in this game.  They are fun and interactive.  But once you work your way through the missions there is nothing more the game will offer.  Unlike MS Flight Simulator where player created trips are limitless, once the missions are complete in Ship Simulator the game has nothing to offer.  The mouse and keyboard controls on the game are adequate but again there are quirks in the controls you won't find on high end games.  I would expect to find this game in the bargain bin at the local Wal-Mart for $4.99.
While this game is fun to play it has severe limitations.  If you are looking to captain a ship from Point A to Point B on a global cruise this game will not do it for you.  There are only about 15 or 20 harbors around the globe for you to sail and they are not connected.  So if you want to go from New York to London forget it because in the game there is nothing between the two.  Additionally, the graphics on this game are about ten years behind the high end games sold today.  Also, while the cover artwork of this game deceptively resembles MS Flight Simulator's cover artwork, MS has NOTHING to do with this product. Do not expect a start to finish trip in this game like you have in any of the MS Flight Simulator versions.  You are basically limited to sailing an ocean liner, tanker, or cruise and cargo ships up and down some harbor like New York.  The missions prove to be the bright spot in this game.  They are fun and interactive.  But once you work your way through the missions there is nothing more the game will offer.  Unlike MS Flight Simulator where player created trips are limitless, once the missions are complete in Ship Simulator the game has nothing to offer.  The mouse and keyboard controls on the game are adequate but again there are quirks in the controls you won't find on high end games.  I would expect to find this game in the bargain bin at the local Wal-Mart for $4.99.
Ship Simulator is a decent product for a light-hearted simulation of powered ships. Using it, you can become the captain of a number of different vessels, including a supertanker, rescue vessel, various powerboats, and even the Titanic. Several world class harbors are accurately reproduced with realistic scenery and other boat traffic. The physics of powered boats are reasonably well done. A large number of missions take you from novice to expert ship driver.

There are no sailboats, alas, and the controls can be twitchy at high speeds. There is full support for keyboard, mouse, and joystick controls, and camera angles can be varied at will.
My father is a seaman. I have seen many ships, sailed with him around the world numerous times. So ships are in my blood. When i saw this game I bought it without batting an eyelid. Well I wish I didn't because I now regret my decision.

The game is unique in its concept. We never really had a maritime ship simulation that wasn't centrally focused on war and sinking other ships :). This one happens to be just peace-time shipping simulation with different kinds of detailed ships ranging from cargo, to passenger, to rescues, to towing, to even trying to alter history by succesfully sailing Titanic to New york on its first maiden voyage etc. The game creator has gone to great details to simulate as much as possible the Intricacies of piloting as well as managing huge ships operations. Any aspiring sea captian or sea salt will identify with some if not most aspects of piloting a ship as simulated in this game. But to me thats where all the goodies end.

The cons associated with game are just too game-breaking to me and i have essentially stopped playing the game. Until these issues gets addressed i am not spending anymore money on this games series.

First and foremost this game badly needs a voluntary "Time Compression" feature. Not all of us have 2-3 hours to devote each time we decide to play this game to have some fun. Sometimes it take an hour or so just to get out of harbour and tag some hours more on this to complete the mission. With a game in which you are looking at ocean waves for hours this gets boring really fast. This is just plain very annoying and game destroying factor to me. I know some people have all the time in the world to savour and enjoy games but a lot don't too. Since its not a action oriented game the passage of time is felt even more. If they can incorporate a Time Compression feature it will make the game lot more open to different segments of gamers.

Second is the still dated graphics engine. I see lots of people commenting on how good the graphics look. I have a pretty good rig and i can play games like Mass Effect and Silent Hunter 4 in almost thearatical quality but even with everything maxed out this game just looks medicore graphics wise. The ships and ocean etc. looks very simplistically rendered from today's standard. The graphical quality of this game released in 2008 is kind of dissappointing though.

Last some of the missions in the game are just plain novice or fillers in my opinion. This game is geared towards people who like to pilot huge ships yet we have a lot of missions devoted to speed boats for stunts, hover boats etc. I bought the game to simulate a ship expirience not go around flipping in speed boats.

Anyways..i wouldn't really recommend anyone spend $40 bucks on this game. Wait until it gets to $19 or so bargain bin. And i hope the developers put some real effort into make a more viable ship simluator for its next incarnation or you are not getting any more money from me.
I have not used all of this simulator's features yet, but I am very pleased.  I think that it is a good buy.  I have had lots of fun just cruising around in the different boats and have only scratched the surface.  I have not attempted any of the missions yet, but there seems to be a good variety of them.  I think that this is a very cool product.  It would be even better with a joystick, which I do not currently have, but is not too hard to control with the keyboard and mouse.  It gives you both a cockpit view and a birds-eye view, which is nice.  I think that it is a good investment if you wish that you were behind the helm of a boat (or ship)!
I think this game is awesome. I like the detail of the waves, and the water splashing on boards. However, I do think that they should have put a big cruise ship and a yacht and a fishing boat in the classic Ship Simulator 2008, instead of in an expansion pack (New Horizons) that costs and extra $48.00. Overall I think it is a good game though.
This game is a good way on getting at the helm of the RMS Titanic and I am very well satisfied with it. I do hope that any of you who does decied ot buy it will also enjoy it.
This sim or game leaves at lot to be desired. Small selection of ships and small selection of places to visit. This is not a true sim like ms fsx. No internet support for downloads of other ships or scenery, as a might of fact i reather cruise the open seas in ms fsx. the waves action in this game is the only thing it has over fxs..other then that you can not navigate the real sea enviorment, just selected harbors..shame on vstep for this game that they call a ship simulator. you have to pay more bucks for additional add-on of ships and harbors..shame on you vstep
this is a really fun game, how ever the whole world is not available for exploring, other then that its really fun. i bought for a Friend  who likes boats and he loves it.
My 14 Year old son is having a blast and lots of fun with this Game.
finally a game the grown ups and young adults can enjoy. You have the chance to play with near real simulations under a number of variables. Until you get the hang of it, though, you feel like you need six hands.
I love good simulators of all kinds. It is a great way to experience things without a lot of trouble.

From a physics and virtual reality simulation point of view, this simulator is very realistic and artfully done. While it does lack some instrumentation detail, you get more than what you pay for in this simulation. I have been to Marcelles France to work on a ship there and I found the simulated harbor in this program to be very realistic and just the way I remember it from being there. It is just what I wanted and more.

Ron in TAmpa
the graphics aren't very good and the ship to shore radio is so distorted and accented that it is impossible to understand what is being said.  The game can be fun, but if you are looking for an ocean going version of microsoft flight simulator this isn't it.  It's not a lousy game, nor is it a great game, it's just okay.
An excellent simulation with excellent ship models. In particular the model of the Titanic is amazing. It's very accurate and you can walk about on all the decks, the brdige, operate controls & even go inside parts of it. Everything is lovingly reproduced like the original. I've never seen another CG model of Titanic out there that comes close to it. This is a must for any simulator fan, or anyone interested in Titanic.
This RPG gaming system has become my favorite, I still love AD&D 1e and Call of Cthulhu, but this system combines both of what I love about both of those.  The book is a little smaller than I thought it would be, the artwork is beautiful, this book is written for adults 18 years or older.  I will still play AD&D and Call of Cthulhu as well.  Here is a quote I have taken form the Lamentations of the Flame Princess website that shows that you can use this rpg gaming system with a lot of different gaming systems.  "Rules-wise, LotFP belongs to the "Old School Renaissance" family of games that uses the Open Game License to recreate game rules of the late 70s/early 80s, with LotFP's particular twisting of those rules flattening out the power level a bit and emphasizing a more horrific and go-for-the-throat attitude. A PDF version of the full rules without any of the game's artwork is available here for you to use for your own purposes. (The full-version PDF includes all of the art, while the physical version is a beautiful high-quality artifact in its own right.)
Being part of the Old School Renaissance also means that every LotFP adventure and supplement is readily compatible with over 100 other RPGs, and their support material is readily compatible with LotFP."
Well worth the price.
Great Product. Very fun.
This is an excellent and streamlined take on Dungeons and Dragons, with a weird horror vibe- which is mostly conveyed by the beautiful and horrific artwork.  Much less fiddly rules to get in the way of your gaming experience, yet it has everything you need to make a great game.  Highly recommended!
Strange, weird, violent, inappropriate for children, old-school, fabulous art especially of powerful female characterizations of the Flame Princess of course, the others are just weird.

Would recommend getting at least one introductory adventure to go with the rules. If you want the fully intended impact of the gods awful vibe intended.

Otherwise just roll your own and make your own genre riff off these dark and occult rules.
Cool game.
Love it
LotFP is a fairly old-school system, but is well-designed for its purpose and is not hard for new players to learn. It has a distinct feel and is information-rich and detailed without coming off as bloated. There are some slightly odd balance issues, mostly related to low-level characters and the magic system, but overall it is a damn good system and I look forward to playing/running it more.
This black silicon sleeve fit my wireless controller very well. It nice and black. Not to mention that the sleeve itself gave me a good amount of grip on my controller now. It's simple, improve gripping and looks great on my controller.
Just picked these up for my old 360 controller that was losing its grip, and they feel awesome. Totally worth it if you are thinking of buying one. Some advice for those with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/FPS-Freek-Vipr-Black/dp/B003YI458I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">FPS Freek (Vipr Black)</a>, I had to trim the area around the joysticks a little to get full range of movement. No biggie though, finished in a couple minutes and I was ready to get back on CoD/Halo and kick some ***!
well theres not much to say about a sleeve protector, but its good and it really protects against damaging and stains. the only bad thing about this product is you can't put the chatpad on the controller if the sleeve is on the controller.
This Silicon controller protector is good. It's nice and thin so that the controller doesn't feel weird or bulky in your hands. But it's also a little flimsy... I definitely see it getting torn apart with my brother's constant gaming use. But so far, it's held up remarkably well.
Not only does it make your controller look a lot better(unless you have a black one), but the texture also feels really comfortable.
I really like it
PRETTY COOL
Great case for my son's controller.  He really likes it.
nice
game on
It worked really well for a while, but then it fell apart and it became useless
It was great while it lasted need to buy a new one
Great Product!!
The idea was nice, but it honestly fits loose and doesnt improve grip what so ever.
:)
Overall its exactly what I expected, and that explains it all. Its comfortable, sleek looking and has a good feel. Definitely better than other skins I had purchased.
They work awesome just a lil bigger & thicker then expected
best 3 bucks Ive ever spent..
felt and fit great
made the controller easier to grab, easier to hold, and more comfortable in the hands. overall I would buy it again. its cheap and a great addition to the controller
I've bought these before.  They slip right on and unless you get one with an obvious defect, they should last for years.  These are a must have if you are afraid of your kids messing up your controllers.  Then again, maybe they should get their own! lol
I really like this product especially for the price! I didn't expect it to be all that great for the price at first, but it fits the bill just perfect. It makes the controller very grippy so sweaty hands is no longer a big issue!

I have 3 of them over all, 2 black and one yellow, and the black looks much better than the yellow, you cannot see the case as well on the black unlike the yellow, the yellow is semi transparent so the black of my controller is visible still, but that doesn't bother me;

If you are looking for an inexpensive case for your 360 controller, this is it
These help especially because playing countless hours of FPS games, my hands tend to sweat. Unfortunately, I cannot get over the weird rubbery smell. I've tried washing it with soap and water, but the smell just really bothers me. If you don't mind a rubbery smell as all, then I would recommend this. But that smell really sticks to my hands.
Really helps keep a better grip on the controller.  The only downside is that it attracts dust like crazy and is hard to keep clean.
Great protection and grip for a while, but like a latex glove, it stretches out after a little time.  For the price, a great deal.
The grasp for gaming is great. It does not slip from my hands.
The protective case repels dirt and help me playing my games.
This is a very cool accessory for XBox controllers; I am lucky enough to have the Halo 4 special edition and these covers make extended gaming very comfortable PLUS I won't wear out the cool graphics on the Controller Pads either.
put this on my controller no hand cramps after 7 hours of all night gaming. if you want to make the controller a little bigger and easier to hold this is what you want.
Very comfortable, good fit, and feels very high quality. I was surprised that such a cheap product could be so high quality.
Got this for a guy who's controllers constantly have junk food bits all over them and sticky. Put these on the controllers and it makes it easy to clean or worst case replace without ruining a whole controller.
I purchased them for more than a year and they are without a scratch. Very effective protecting mi controller... If someday they broke i will buy them again..!!!
Put on my controllers so it would like not get wear and tear and they are great! BUY! THEM!! AMAZING
I bought this from amazon seller likeelectronic Ship FM Hongkong for under $3 shipped.

The one I got fits the controller excellently! Smooth rubber, it feels very comfortable while playing games, you don't even notice it.  My hands sweat a LOT during Call of Duty hours sessions without this case on it, adding this onto my controller pretty much has eliminated that.  Great Case from seller above.
No complaints about these.  I have four of them and they all fit like a glove.  While they won't necessarily protect from a fall onto a hard surface (better than nothing), they will definitely keep my controllers clean.
Now I can play games without worrying about sweating or that my lovely controller will collect dust, this case deserves 5
There are more expensive covers, like at the windows store, but I wold never pay their prices. This fits perfectly and is good quality.
I was scared to stretch the silicone during application, but afterward it fit very snug.  It makes the controller feel much better.
i love this. it made my controller incognigro woot. it is absolutely amazing and i absolutely love it. 5 *s
My son loves it he says it makes it more comfortable and easier on his hands for those marathon Black Ops 2 sessions.
Worked great, cut outs have been spot on, and it has improved my grip on the controller after hours of gaming.
Whats this used for? Grip, look, or to waste money on? I don't like this product at all. Not much of a protective case. Don't recommend.
I bought this to slow some of the wear on the finish on my controller. when installing it, i accidently ripped part of it. :-/
fantastic item. gives a real gamer edge. eliminates blistering on hands. It can be removed for cleaning. Highly recommend product.
Not the greatest, but gets the job done. For the price I cannot complain, it is pretty delicate, but it is rubber what do you expect/
These covers are perfectly fine. Unfortunately, they do not solve sweating issues, but it does however give you better grip when sweating. It is very comfortable and soft, with a rubbery mixed with matte finishing feel. Although it is lightweight, it is noticeably thick, providing good protection. I would recommend this product to *anyone concerned about their controller.
I like this product because it means you can have little to no cleaning maintenance kept up on your controller which is cool and it keeps the controller nice and smooth which is great for long gaming sessions.
Unlike others on this site, these fit very good and the material is durable, which is of utmost importance to me.  I'm glad I found this item.
I was a little nervous about these types of products. I thought it was going to be to thin that it would brake or rip but it was pretty durable and had good grip.
Loved it
covers the controller more then others and is pretty durable, great grip to it as well and keeps its color, looks solid.
My brother had one of these for the longest time so I used his until he wanted it back.  I found this a lil while ago and have been loving it ever since, giving the controller much needed grip and makes holding it for long gaming sessions much more comfortable.
I was looking for one of these because from time to time, my hands gets sweaty. The Silicone Protective Case arrived on time and it feels good. It have a good grip to it and I love it. If you are looking for something like this, this one is for you. I recommend this to anyone.
I had a theory that this might solve my sweating issue when playing for longer periods of time, and for a little while I thought it had.  I've concluded that it doesn't really stop the sweating, though it might make it easier to deal with since the surface is more grippy than the bare plastic of the controller.  The controller is comfortable to a certain point by itself, and I'd say this is just a different kind of comfort.  The price makes it a worthwhile experiment.
INSTANT GRIP FOR THOSE SWEATI PALMS DOING LONG GAME PLY.THE SILICONE ALSO COMES IN HANDY PLACING UR CONTORLER DOWN. PS, PERFECT MOD, FITS NICE AND SNUG.
This product great because it does what it says. It fits nicely and is very grippy. I'm not able to compare it to other products of this type but, I can say I'm very satisfied with the item.
When you get those sweaty palms from an intense gaming session, this nifty and cost effective case will keep you gripped on your controller. Great quality and inexpensive!
I like it but on the inside i have to clean it cause it gets dirty, like once a month or so.
Pros: Works well, easy to put on.
Cons: joined seam isn't cut well, so it may require some trimming to feel right. Didn't bother me enough to stop me from buying a second one.
Not love but like. This rubber grip gives you alot of grip but needs to be smoothed out with a razor blade before use. I'm happy.
This silicone cover has a very nice feel to it! Don't use this with dirty hands, dirt will stick to it. This is a ok product for your 360 controller.
This is a great product for those who prefer extrA GRIP. It also saved me from having to buy a new control. Don't play with oily hand tho.
This has to be the best thing I have invested in for my Xbox gameplay.  I ordered this quite afraid that the product I was going to receive was going to match the price I paid for it and that it would not work at all! I have never been so wrong... As soon as I slipped the extremely easy silicone case over my controller I noticed a big difference. The A,B,X,and Y buttons were noticeably lower to the controller before. This instantly turned me off of the case because I thought it would lessen my ability to press these buttons. As soon as I started playing borderlands 2 everything changed, I could no longer feel the difference between the button height and instantly my horrible gaming palms (my palms get quite sweaty when gaming) started to sweat up the controller. I noticed the silicone, unlike the controller, did not slip move from my grip, somehow it let the moisture from my hands evaporate and my sweaty palms were continuing to play the game effortlessly. About 2 hours through the best gaming session of my Xbox carrier, I noticed I hadn't slipped, moved, or wiped my palms once! This is such an amazing product and I just now bought 2 more for my friends to use. I cannot believe that such an amazing product could be sold for such a small amount of money, if you play xbox and do not have this case, you are seriously missing out and need to buy this right now!
I really like this skin. It makes the controller nicer to play with, and looks nice as well.
Yes, i would recommend this to a friend.
very cool case for controler it keeps it from being icky and keeps it clean....non slip and very confortable for the hand and very easy to use.
The price isn't bad for a great silicone skin that fits your xbox 360 controller. It streches so it would fit perfectly and it keeps dust out. If your hands get sweaty while playing a game this silicone skin has an awsome grip so the controller won't slip.
It's a product worth your buck, but don't expect too much. The edges are uncomfortably rough where the edges line. The grips not THAT awesome. Also, the skin around the triggers aren't protected, so it looks ripped. It was worth the few bucks though. Good service and satisfaction guaranteed in my review.
I bought two of these for two of my Xbox 360 controllers, and I'm certainly glad I did. They look great, reduce the buildup of dead skin cells in the grooves around the controller (which always bothers me), provide grip and comfort. I can't say these will improve your gaming skills, but they certainly don't hurt them.

I was concerned that they might get in the way of my KontrolFreeks: FPS Freeks VIPR stick extensions, but they are just fine and require no modification. They fit the controller quite snugly, and provide just a small bit of cushion for your hands.

The excess silicone seam around the skin from the molding process is just the slightest bit more uncomfortable than the groove that is already in the controller, but this is easily remedied with a hobby knife blade (X-acto). Just carefully trim off the excess material until it's smooth and then enjoy the comfort!

I have more controllers and plan to buy more skins for ALL of them!
This product is very cheap but very good and useful. it helps you get a good grip on the controller and reduce sweat. the only problem is, the rim where it is stitched together has a grabby feeling.
I like that give lill more grip cause I have puppies and they ruff house arond me always knocking the controler out of my hands ... I was afraid the brake the controler but now its lill more secure ... it does cling lill to there fur but brush it off your ok ... but this was not the reason I got it I bought it cause my consoul was blak and all of my controlers were white and it was bugging me this was perfect solution
The cover was cheap as dirt so even needed a little help it was well worth it. When I got mine the seems were terrible, so what I had to do was take a good sharp razor blade and CAREFULLY slice them off after I got it on the controller (which it fit very well). Once I did that the cover was extremely comfortable and well worth the 200 or so pennies I spent on it.
I play Xbox almost everyday, and frequently for hours at a time. For the price, you can't beat this. I find it easier to hold onto the controller, especially during intense COD matches. It's easy to slip right on and after about 1 1/2 months of use, it's still holding up well and stays in place with no issues.
advertised as more durable then they appear in person..but they are tight fitting and completely more protection..then say..Nothing and they do look more style-ish then plain..
Useless /cheap, not worth the effort to get a refund. So thin I don't think it would offer any impact protection. Maybe scratch protection at best. Makes your hands sweat profusely, may use as cheap gag gift for fellow gamer. Only impulse purchased when buying other product cause it was so cheap and thought it was better designed.
There is nothing fancy or even necessary about having this skin for the controller other than added comfort, but my son (who I bought this for) liked it.
Couldn't believe what a difference it made in the grip and feel of the controller with the "glove" on it.  Great product, well worth ordering.  Don't want to be without one.
Very thin! I was really disappointed. I don't think this is going to help nearly as much as I thought it would..
As soon as I slipped this on my controller, I knew that I'd never take it off!!  It makes the controller much more comfortable in your hands, and does not slip if you play for a long time and tend to get sweaty fingers!
This is a good buy but... if you get the thumb grips for the xbox 360 controllers they will get stuck on the silicone so its not like the picture and it shows at the joystick the silicone is way back its really up close to the sticks and you will have to cut it back IF you get the thumb grips, now it could just be only my silicone case but I don't know.
I'm revising my earlier review. i had only rated my transaction 3 stars previously due to shipping problems. After the seller contacted me to do what they could to help with the problem I have to reconsider. They contacted me promptly and went above and beyond in their effort to make me happy. Thank you. This was the second case I've purchased and would recommend it to anyone. Thanks again.
This thing is so inexpensive and makes the controller much more comfortable to hold for hours on end. Item is very well manufactured and fits like a glove. It also helps your hands breathe a little bit if you have sweaty hands. For less than the cost of a gallon of gas You can't not afford to get this thing! Better grip, looks sharp, and is thin enough that it does not make the controller more bulky in anyway.
When my cover arrived it had thin pieces of plastic hanging off the seams. Also it fit quite loosely, honestly I threw it away rather than ask for a refund. It is only two dollars for a reason. Live and learn.
Works great!!!  Comfortable.  The only negative was that I had to cut a little bit off the area surrounding the analog sticks as it was interfering a little bit with movement of its analog stick.
Every place I looked compared the PS3 Turbo Fire Wireless Controller controller to the 360 controller. I figured this skin would fit no problem. After a few modifications to it, it fits the controller, although not perfectly. Very smooth feel, and helps prevent sweaty palms when playing. Highly recommend for the 360 controller.
This products is great but... When your hands start to sweat, the silicone starts to get slippery.  Overall I like them.
The silicone protective cover for Xbox controlers helps very much with your grip , which is important when playing Xbox!
Really great!! For the price. Your able to get a good grip while playing the Xbx 360. So worth it!
easy to put on and take off, good grip, cheap price, just don't rip it apart to see how strong it is and write a review about it and it's be fine :D
So I ordered this because I just felt that I always got my controller "dirty" and I felt that I should buy  a very clean case.

This case it absolutely AMAZING!

It's just what I ordered and is very sleek and clean but not only that! I also got a nice coupon for five dollars off for a purchase over 25 dollars and that is always nice to have.

I thank you guys again for having such a nice product and I do recommend to get this piece of materiel for your Xbox 360 controller.  :)

-Jacob
I really enjoy the tactile feel. My only concern it that the surface clings when dust is a concern. The cut corners for the triggers and bumpers of the controller seem to warp out just a bit, but I'm sure they'll form over some time.
Must have upgrade for your controller. Fits like a glove, has a good color and just the right amount of friction for those sweaty hands. It is inexpensive, buy one today. I recommend it!
Good silicone protective for the price. Fits well on the joystick.
I extremelly recomend it, since its up to task.
I bought this because i game so much and i have started losing the grip on the controller.... This product is awesome, only thing i suggest is clean it and the controller every month or so...
I retired the controller that had this protective case.. It was a very nasty, and greasy after one year of no use....
Ordered these up on a whim and was pleasantly surprised how much more comfortable this makes gaming. Sure there is a bit of trimming (very minor) that i had to do, but for something that cost so little this was the only con i could think of.  The molding process does seem to be fairly cheap so i would assume that there is a chance a few of them may come to customers in less quality shape than mine did (which i'm sure you could have replaced for no charge through amazon if defective).  That being said, for the pocket change cost of these it may be one of the best upgrades if you suffer from Sweaty Palm Syndrome
This cover fits well and improves grip a lot especially for long sessions ans sweaty hands. However...tis whole perimeter has a rib around from the mold. This is downright uncomfortable. I took a light grade of sandpaper to it and after 10 minutes, wore it down. They need to reverse mold this to get rid of the rib.
the only thing it didn't like about it, was that it was so thin i don't think it would protect your controllers if you were to drop them. But it sure gave it a nice feel to my controllers and it protects it from scratches and it doesnt get all greezy. i like to eat chips while playing and my controllers would get slippery
Awesome sillcone cover for my xbox 360 controller. Fits well, but collects dust sometimes.
Just plain awesome! Yea, it's a lot to say for a simple piece of silicon but what a difference it makes on the feel of the controller. The controller feels more stable in my hand an less (in fact not even) prone to slipping, dropping, etc. Definitely worth purchasing.
Great buy, and even better for the price.  I ordered 2, and paid just under $6 shipped.  The covers are a bit slick to the touch right out of the package, but once you use them for 10 or 15 minutes take on a very rubbery, grippy feel.  The cover fits very snug to the controller, and doesn't seem to shift around inside at all.  Also, the cover doesn't block the battery, headphone jack or charging cords at all.  I would have liked this cover at the $10 price other places charge, but for just under $3 it is awesome.
The silicone case fits great and is comfortable.
If you share a controller with others, you will like the cleaner feel of this case. It doesn't get "clammy" felling.
This is just awesome, its very cheap and it was just exactly what i was expecting and what I wanted. I recommend you this item
this xbox controller cover is great. its feels great on my hands and adds additional grip. its also easily modified if it doesn't fid just right because you can just cut off pieces with a pair of scissors. it also protects the outside of your controller from the dirt and grime that builds up. my friends always comment on my controller when the pick it up. they always say "why does you controller feel so good" I would definitely recommend this cover
Easy install and feels great. The skin fits really well and functions properly. I did have to trim up around the triggers because they moved around while I used them, but after that it was perfect.
Feels much better than the controller itself, and protects the controller well. I initially got 1 of these and used it for a few months then got another one for my other controller because it was so good.
this is a great quality skin. I was surprised of how comfortable it is. Especially how it'd keep the controller clean.
I use this on my white wireless 360 controller and the grip it adds is phenomenal. My hands usually sweat during long play periods, but not with this on. It feels great and is fun to play with while your waiting for your game to load. Installation is VERY easy and took me about 10 seconds. Outstanding grip!
Grips the controller amazingly, great for long gaming sessions as your hands get sweaty and hot during those times. The cover literally wicks it away, feels very rubbery, yet thin enough to be really comfortable!! I simply love it, it can get dirty since it catches dust rather easily, nothing a little simple green and a wipe can't take care of. 5 stars, this product is absolutely needed, wish the consoles came with it, out of the box!
This is a surprisingly great product for the price. Although I do not know how it would look on a white controller, it is nearly invisible with my black controller. Furthermore, it gives you a really comfortable feel as well as great protection for the controller.
I love this item! It fits perfectly on the controller and I love the feel of it! Very satisfied! :)
Easy to put on controller and way better grip. Also nice looking on controller easy to use and good grip
I was kind of hesitant at first, so I read through the reviews (as I do with every product) and decided for the price, ahh what the heck. I am very pleased. Nice smooth feel to them.
This is not the first one of these I have had, in fact this is about my 8th. There are many different skin types and different skin makers, so you have to judge each on it's own merit. My controller skin arrived today, well ahead of expected delivery, just as described solid black and silicone. Fit is just perfect, and installation had no problems. Good comfortable smooth texture, while still providing a much better grip than on the hard slick controller plastic. I like to clean my game equipent regularly, and I always clean even new items before using. This is a great way to test the quality of the item, I cleaned the skin using isopropanal alchohol, no gumming (like you get with lower grade skins)and no color bleed onto the rag, this tells me it is definitly silicone not some rubber stuff. Once on the controller grip is good, comfort is good, feel is natural. I am very pleased with this controller skin, I have been needing to get one for my extra controller. I will definitly be ordering a few more later, a friend has a birthday coming up.
A must have for a true gamer !! Ton better grip ! Keeps a good grip even with sweaty hands after hours of play.
Have had this skin for almost 2 months and so far there are no signs of wear or tear which is good. Its sticky just enough to be grippy but not overly so. It protects the controller fairly well. Keeps it from getting dirty as fast especially if you have a white controller.

Overall it feels good and is comfortable even in long play periods. The only problem I have is there is annoying little piece up by the triggers on both sides. Its right in between the trigger and the bumper buttons and there is no tension on the piece so when you switch between the bumper and triggers it can sometimes flip up and your finger will catch it. Not really a deal breaker or a big deal or anything since I plan on cutting it off anyways. Plan on buy another so far after this one falls apart. Will update my review if it doesnt last long.
This silicone skin was not that great. The silicone felt too cheap and had a weird greasy feel to it. I don't even like using the controller with this skin on. Feels gross. It doesnt have as much coverage as another skin I purchased. Overall, it's a good fit, but not worth it for the price in my opinion.
This is a nice silicone skin for the controller. Its thicker than what I had imagined so putting it on and taking it off won't be a skilled task. Now I do have the "Grip It" thumb grips so I did have to trim around the joystick area. It does fit kinda loose on the controller which to some might not be noticeable.
I was slightly dissapointed in the packaging this came in - just in a clear bag.  No markings on it at all.  I know I'll get the "What is this?"  reaction on it when my husband opens it for Christmas.
nice skin for xbox controllers makes them more slip free and smooth softer too good deal and nice stuff try one
Love the holder! Each holder has slots for 16 games. Very compact. It's only about a 4 inch square and about 1 inch thick. Best thing I ever bought to house all my kids games. They snap in and out easily. Great organizer to make sure all the games get put back when not in use.
This really beats lugging around those game cases your games came in and you can carry so many more in less space. I already had some of these that only hold six games, I really bought these for a present. I know she will love them.
Purchased the cover to help with grip issues on the controller, very satisfied with the outcome. However, it does leave some open areas on the controller's edges; which is understandable, but still could have been prevented or made a better alternative. Over all with price and value, it is a buy!
Fits well and the price isn't bad. I constantly had to wash hands with Dawn because i hated the way the controller would feel after a few rounds of Call of Duty. Now it doesn't matter. Low profile and doesn't bulk up controller.
Its very good. as advertise, really help improve my gaming experience. if there are some parts that doesn't fit well. A scissor can fix it in no time.
nice cheap made cover it doesnt fot very tight but it does the job if you want to extend the life of your controller this is it
I love this thing, It makes your controller look badass and is so soft.  It has a great feel to it, way better than plastic, even if you have a Black controller this will improve it.  The seams on the side are my only tiny concern.  Add this with the Grip-it, blue analog covers and you have a great controller for cheap.  I can`t say enough about the comfort.  fantastic!
Considering its just a rubber cover for the XBOX 360 controller, actually, it's made well...and the price--not bad at all. Excellent product for an excellent controller.
This skin looks good, has a great grip and is very comfortable for game playing but I soon found an unfortunate and irritating unexpected flaw - the silicone attracts pet hair like crazy.  We have a couple cats and if you're a pet owner as well you'll know that it's almost impossible to keep those follicles from sticking to your furniture and clothes in some way.  With that in mind, when I opened the plastic packaging and merely set the skin on my dresser to pick up the controller, it had already attracted a nice array of cat hair when I came back to put it on.  Granted it was a small amount but since the silicone is rubberized it made removing the hair a real pain as compared to the controller's regular plastic finish which doesn't seem to act as a hair magnet and can be easily wiped clean with a tissue or paper towel. It's not a deal-breaker and I'd still definitely recommend the product but for pet owners with animals that shed, be forewarned about this inconvenience.
This product is great not only does it protect the controller from getting dirty and damaged but it also gives it a new look. The fitting is not perfect(the pre cut holes are off by a really small fraction)but then again it is an aftermarket piece ,it still stays in place in place during game play which in my opinion is the most important thing. I would recommended this product to any 360 owner
This is a nifty skin for the 360 controller. I really like the feel and grip of this skin.  I've been using it for a few weeks now and it doesn't show any signs of wear. I did have to cut a little of the skin away around the analog sticks because I use stick extensions.
I didn't know if I should buy this, but I had a gift card so what the heck.  I put it on my new controller, and it works well.  I was concerned my hands might get sweaty, but they didn't.

I like the product, and would certainly recommend it to anyone.
This memory card is worthless. My PS2 could not recognize it, and wouldn't save to it either. Take heed, and stay far away from this apparent "bargain".

On a second note, if you do purchase this item, look on the backside where the information about the memory card is printed in about six different languages...If you do happen to read the English portion, you should notice that whoever printed the information didn't realize that 32 divided in half (supposedly the two portions of the memory card's internal "memory") is 16...Whoever printed it believed its capacity was only 16MB.

Reviews of other memory cards "like" this one are generally negative, don't chance this purchase attempting to save a few dollars...
don't really need cards larger than 8MB and the 8MB by sony is most compatible with all games but these work too
When I saw it had 128mb I thought it would be great. Believe me, it is not, in fact it is awful. My PS2 won't recognize it, my games won't appear in my son's console, it says it is unformatted but when you try to format it, it won't work. I know it is cheap and gives you a lot of space but also a lot of trouble. My advice is get the SONY bundle(2 for $28), more expensive but quality guaranteed.
This memory card works but i have to take it out and put it back in every time i turn the system off otherwise it won't read.
This is the best ps2 memory card I know of. It's perfect if you have games that take 1,000KB or more of your memory. If you need more memory, this is for you.
I was hesitant to buy this memory card because of the inconsistent reviews of "my carrying case" memory cards, but this thing is working perfectly. Saves and Loads games with no problem. Sony made a fortune with their puny 8MB cards. This is the exact same dimensions, and it holds 128MB. It seems they ran out soon after I bought mine. Sorry! I would definitely recommend this company and their memory cards based on the price and mine working perfectly with every game I've played so far. I'll update this review if the status of my card changes.

*UPDATE*
Stopped working after a couple months of use. Sorry for the long delay in updating my review :^\
this product is great saves space, and work great with some games not all. any american made game will not work with this card for example devil may cry works, final fantasy, but not Grand Turismo. but it is worth the try am happy with it and I do recommend it. it may not work with all games, but it works with a great amount of them... and shipping was pretty good
The 128 mb ps2 card was exactly what I wanted at a really resonable price, I came all the way from Hong Kong in a week
We have one of the early ps2 systems and this card will not work. Not sure if its the system or the card ?
this memory card works great....but is hard for any ps2 to read easily... some times you have to reinsert it a few times until it recognizes it... makes me scared that it could randomly erase the many many game saves i have transferred to it, so i only safely use it as storage in the memory card mainly.
This card is huge. Basically sixteen 8 MB PS2 memory cards in one card. Had some issues saving Kingdom Hearts 2 on this card, but I basically just used one of my other 8 MB PS2 memory cards instead and copied the saved data from that card onto my 128 MB card and was just fine at saving more files after that. That's the one reason it's not 5 stars. Overall though, if you're worried this card won't work or something just make sure you got a 8 MB memory card handy. I do highly recommend getting this card. Every game I've saved on this card has worked just fine except KH2. Maybe even get 2 to back up all your saved data in case one card gets lost or destroyed. Hope this helps anyone thinking about getting this card
Saved one game and now it will no longer work. stick to brand name memory cards
you know
ok
Excellent
Arrived earlier than expected and a great price!
i wouldnt even give this one star. extremely disappointed. product did not even work. and there is no option to contact seller. this was part of a xmas present and the product didn't even work.
fast
The card corrupted after 1 use and it says the item is not eligible for a refund when I tried to return it. My husband transferred some of our games and tonight while playing a game the card corrupted the game. We can't deleted, we can't save over it. We have had the card for 5 days. Customer service has been contacted.
GREAT BUY & HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Worked great
Saved and loaded correctly for a while... then put a 2mb game file on it and it crashed/corrupted all my data... buying sony genuine from now on...
great
old school and working great
Works as described.
Great price
Great and still working after several years!
As expected and shipped quickly! Thanks!
AWesome, works without issues thank you!!!
Don't use it much, but haven't had a single problem with it and have had it for several months now!
As advertised, it's pretty much just a memory card. I haven't had any problems with it so far, and it's enough memory that Ive never gotten close to filling it up.
Great
gooooooooooo
Card arrived swiftly in non-retail packaging, plain unmarked box though having read the description I am aware of this reason.

Works fine on my PS2 Slim though when going to save a game, the game will register the card as only being 8mb. Pretty sure this is due to the fact Sony only ever made 8mb cards so it's just using the old phrase.
Games save and load up without problems so luckily, I don't have to leave the poor console on all the time to keep progress.

Fits snugly into the card port, doesn't wobble or come loose. More or less like the real thing. Would recommend.
I'm satisfied.
Very useful.
And at 128mb you will die before you run out of room on it.
I remember when the memory cards were 8mb and i only ever needed 6 of those for my whole PS2 collection.

Overall its great, and must have for anyone still stuck in he 90s
I collect consoles and I love to play them as well
ok
Great
Do you like spending over 60 hours in a game you like and then losing all that data in a corrupted file? No? Then don't get this card. Find an official 8mb sony magicgate memory card. It might cost more, but believe me, you get what you pay for. This card, though, the price comes a month or so later. Just avoid this, enough said.
It's fine for saving games, but this one doesn't have a MAGICGATE logo anywhere in this product or memory card itself.  This memory card does not support Free McBoot, since it's likely not a MAGICGATE product.  The Datel and Sony brands are the better ones out there since they both use MAGICGATE technology and support Free McBoot.
It's great
Works like it's supposed to. Have had a year of saves from the dark cloud 2 game and not close to running out of space yet!
LOVE IT
Does not work. I bought two of these and they both corrupt the saved game data.
So much more storage space, love it.
We have an older playstation that needed more memory. I ended up buying two of these and they came in very handy. I was able to remove the other memory cards and slip this one in and start playing new games without having to delete my older games saved data.
excelent
Good
Works great.
The Kids Love IT!  I don't use it.
Much good
worked great
Works well have not had a problem with it and hopefully I never do lol
my boyfriend loves his ps2 :)
Great product, as advertised
It did the job for my son. He is happy so, so am I.
As promised,  will order again
It works great on my PS2.
Works great
excellent but you have to copy kingdom heart 2 from 8 mb memory to this card
Just what my son needed! Thanx!
Works fine. Some games won't recognize it.
Great memory card.  Unfortunately it is actually an 8MB card, not a 128MB card.  Other than that it works fine so far.  Since it was so inexpensive I won't throw a fit about it.
Works great and a lot of space to save awesome thanks.
doesn't work in my new ps2 system
Did not work with ps2.
Works.
works good
thanx
Card does not work with God of War game. I have not tested entire library. Tested several other games and it worked fine.
I own and still running my PS2 playing back those good old games but needed more storage and these came in handy, works for me!
Does NOT do what it says. Only holds 8 mbs.
dooesnt work
EXCELENTE
plenty of space
This is a great buy. Works just as well as the Sony ones at a lot better price. Would definitely recommend and order again.
Works great! It even came five hours earlier then what was said. Very happy about it getting here early and it working!
was not compatible with my system
works great and came sooner then i thought ! 2 thumbs up
It worked fine.
I like it
Sketchy and the yellow part of package was missing but other than that I have not had a problem with the Memory cad itself
Good additional memory card, and significantly larger than the original 2-4 MB cards that the old PS2's originally came with. So far we've had no issues with saving games to the this card, and it should stand us in good stead for all of the old games we still like to replay.
Seems to be working fine.  Although, not all the games we have are recognizing it, as an available memory card.  I have read, in other reviews, that if you copy saves over, from a smaller capacity memory card, those games will recognize it.  I don't have a smaller capacity card, with which to test this.
We've been looking for a memory card for a while, thank you!
does a great job
Works perfectly.
Works great on fat PS2, no problems, also has a lot of memory so its virtually impossible to run out.
works great
Works great
great for my niece
excelente
Massive memory , 50 save spots on Final Fantasy 12 .
Good quality, works perfectly.
it has been working just fine no problems
A+
Great price
Seems to work well so far.
will not allow any games to save or load states failed save error
Thank You, will buy again. Super fast delivery!
works as expected.  Good quality product
You read right. 128MB. Not the normal 8MB almost all the cards were.
You get 128MB and you also get to use them, (PS2 slim is what I used). The memory card manager reads you have ~126,345KB free.
Does what it's supposed to and worked great for my kids.
It worked great!
Have had no trouble from this. Arrived on time. Works great in my PS2
Thank u
I feel very good
It's a great product but it took 7 weeks to get to me. In hindsight I would have been happier with a 64mb from GameStop
good
Was everything and more for PlayStation users, you need to get this particular memory card because you will not have to keep buying other 8 MB cards just to save your other games.
It took FOREVER to get here.  But they are what I paid for and they do their job
Completely bogus rubbish. I wish I could rate it lower than 1 star
work good
It dosent work properly im not satisfied
This thing is really great for those with a big PS2 collection. The only issue I came across was that Kingdom Hearts games would not recognize them, thus being unable to save. It was unfortunate, but I already had an official one from SONY to handle those rare exceptions. Would certainly recommend.
Every few weeks it corrupts my saves Not a good memory card!!!
I was really mad that on the buying site it said it was made buy Sony and found out later it was made in China! Sony makes their own stuff in Japan! This is false advertizing!
I am very happy with the 128Mb for Playstation 2.
Great!!!!
good price great lil card
Didn't work
Loaded most of my old PS2 saves on it due to several of my memory cards are missing files from 9 years ago. I am satisfied.
Came as shown and on time, extra memory for my son, so was very pleased.
Super fast shipping . awesome price for the memory card . very pleased with my purchase and experience from the buyer
it didn't work with my PS2
POINTLESS WASTE OF MONEY DOESNT SAVE GAMES!!!!
good card just what I needed.
Fast shipping and item works great...thank you and GOD bless
excelet
So much data space! Works just fine.
Thank You!!!
Amazing space for memory. 16 times bigger than my old one, works without a hitch. Before I had to struggle to fit games into my memory card now I have more space than I know what to do with. Don't regret this purchase one bit.
This is a lot of memory for my old PS2 so I can store huge amounts of game data. All for a very low price! Perfect.
holds almost all ps2 games found some that don't work with it
everything worked as promised. seemed to hold more data than stated. great
Pretty good
this card don't work well, it takes time for my PS2 to read it. then theirs times it don't read it at all. after I reformatted it down to 64m it worked just fine.
Worked great in our Playstation machine.
Works fine! and stores all my games and also seller was great!
as advertised!
I bought this as a gift for a family member and he has not had anything negative to say about the product. He seems to be quite satisfied.
Good value and work perfectly in my PS2. I actually bought two of these last year and they are still working great! Fast shipping from seller Mahmaou!
GOOD JOB///
good
The memory card performed just as it was designed to do. Allowed saving the games. Accommodated more players. The chip was reasonably priced and quick to arrive.
Works great a lot of space for data! Came fast in the mail! :-)
Works perfectly....thank you Amazon..
My son loves it. He saves all his games and is totally enjoying his ps2.
Works nicely and it shipped fast. I did however have to buy a separate one to play ps1 games. That may be normal? I don't know if there is a card that saves ps1 and ps2 games played on ps2
Best price and won't need any other memory card again.
Works as it should.
Amazon yoi guys were great ordered it came and is working great thank you so much
works great
Reliable device
Works great!
great item
EXCELENTES
works good
I can't save a game that requires 90kb when the card claims I have over 100mb free space.
Arrived earlier than expected, good price works very well.
Do not work!!
Yeah awesome.
didnt really work. i ordered 2 and only one worked well, and the other only half the time
It turned out to be a 64MB card. While I would usually return it, I don't have another card to transfer all of my files to. 64MB is still a ton of space though for PS2 saves.
works great no problems at all yet...
Perfct
It works great, I transferred all of my info from my other memory card and it works great. the only thing I noticed one of the screws was a little loose but I read that's how it supposed to be, if they are too tight card may not work. I'm a happy camper now because I can play all my old PS 2 games again.
Works
So far no problems.
Couldn't save kingdom hearts on here mmmaaannnn was I pissed ..... -.-
Simply does not work.  Very disappointed.
Great, everything ok ... good buy
All I can say is... wow. This works perfect. It is more space than I will ever need, but the more the merrier. Right? Oh, one more thing: A lot of people said that it takes a long time to save, and boy they were right! Plus, I unscrewed the screws slightly so the little PCB chip moves around a bit. It came in an OK time, but gosh it was worth it.
it`s good.
Doesn't work for Kingdom Hearts 2. Be warned!
My old PS2 is now running faster and it is much more enjoyable with the new memory card.  Great value!
Insanly good for the price but i did something with it and it messed up and webt to 64 mb but thats still insane for the price
A+++
It was delivered as described - new item, never opened.
ps2 would recognize memory card but didn't save
It works perfectly fine, but the PS2 isn't ready for a memory card this big. Most games load/save super slow, like 30+ seconds. So I can't really recommend this product as a main memory card, maybe as a backup but that is about it
BIEN
Perfect! Arrived before schedule
Excelent product!!!
Got my package and no memory card... Very unsatisfying if i say so
It is exactly what I needed.
Memory card works fine. I haven't seen it or touched it but I am hearing no complaints from my son who is using it. Did arrive a day earlier than guaranteed delivery date not a bad thing. Thank u ou.
Good product...
It doesn't work on Sony system.
groovy!
Will not work on PlayStation 2slim.  Otherwise I'm sure it is a fine card.
Thank you, item is as described!
As I'm writing this I've had this memory card for a month and nothing wrong has happened, on my nostalgia trip of games I doubt I'll ever run out of space.
yes
Good product. Aftermarket. But no complaints yet.
Everything was great as usual. Thanks again Amazon for making my life a little easier.
haven't used yet, but PS2 is reading it as the full 128 mb storage
better presentation and would be a five
Worked just fine for my nephew's PS2. No complaints.
Amazing. More memory than I could possibly ever need. When I first saw this I thought it would be an obvious choice due to memory size and pricing, but then I read the the card can often be extremely slow or even not work. I decided to risk it and buy it anyways, and have had absolutely no problems, saves only taking up to 30 seconds on average.
IS GOOD
Thanks!
didn't have enough storage for one game
1st. We received 1, 64MB and 1, 128MB.  It was supposed to be 2, 128MB. Neither are labeled like in the picture. We had to figure it out through card management. Which we then discovered that...

2nd. This is listed as new. We received used. One already had previous game saves on it.

I still need the cards, so I won't return them because they will do as I need them to.  But it's either false advertising, or poor quality control.
Mainly I've never tried it yet but I will if doesn't work I have have two 8 mob cards so I might be good for a lil while I'll update later (made July 5 2014
Great.
Excellent
It works and is just like the description.
Lots of room on this card great product u have to get this thing plenty of space for more than u could every play
Absolutely fantastic. -1 star as loosening the screws on the card was neccesary for it to function, but I haven't had any other issues
it works completely fine for me! now i have so much space on the memory card! You should definitely get it!
I can't tell to much about this item. But my son was very happy because now he can save is games as he plays.
It works.  Which is something I worry about when buying aftermarket online. 128MB was the biggest I could find for my playstation two.
Works great! And so much less expensive than the used 8 meg cards being sold. This is a no brainer. Will probably end up getting another one soon.
My daughter found the old PS2 game system for her youngest son and didn't have but one or two games, no memory cards, etc. We found what we needed on Amazon!
Good memory card it has a good saving memory I like it after I lost my other one I got this one buy it I recommened it
These cards allow me to save a large amount of downloads, and they are compatable with my PS2, they rock!
I am glad that I had purchase this 128MB memory card. This was recommended to me here in Amazon by another gamer.
I had no idea that PlayStation stopped 3rd party memory cards from working for the PlayStation slim, I just figured a memory card is a memory card. So I ordered it but it wouldn't work. I contacted the seller and told them it was defective and simply would not work. They were very kind and said that they would replace it. by this time I figured out that it wouldn't work for this PlayStation slim all together. So I asked for a refund ( not actually thinking they would give it to me, considering I had already open the package) and they gave me a full refund. It was very nice of them and they did not have to give me the refund but they did, and that's why I am giving them five stars, they are a great Amazon seller. But just remember, 3rd part memory cards do not work for the PlayStation 2 slim consoles! If you do have a slim then you might want to look for a memory card made by Sony. I also think Magic Gate memory cards work as well. They may cost a little more and you won't get nearly as big of one but you won't be wasting your money.
I received it today and wanted to play some old games and guess what. IT WILL NOT WORK! Of course it would have been nice to have it work but I guess that is to much to ask for these days.
daughter still loves her play station needed a bigger memory card for a couple games so searched amazon and found this to order for her.
Cam quick and works like new.  It is everything that I expected it to be and plus it was cheap.
A lot of times I think people only leave reviews on the complex items or when there are issues. Don't expect anything long in this review: the item was received promptly, works as described and no complaints. Nothing else to say.
This memory card has unleashed my games from start, but don't stop gameplay to awe yeah, now let's get some lunch... Save! gameplay. Holds up well, saves and loads reliably, does what a card should do: Save my Games!!
So I came across an old PS2 game at my parents while visiting, that for one reason or another, never made it back to my place (and thus was never played. For the record it was The Godfather game). When I returned home, I played it a bit before bed, then tried to save it- only to find the memory card  had was full (and no I wasn't willing to delete anything on it to make room). Here comes Amazon to the rescue! (with Prime 2 day deliveries, even), I decided to go the smart route, and for a few extra bucks, got the 128MB instead. Smart move. I kept the game on (and tv off) and sure enough, the next day the memory card arrived and I was able to save my game. Amazon, you are my personal gaming savior!
I really like how large of a memory space it has but I had to wiggle it in the slot a little to get it to work. It wasn't recognizing it and was then later saying no memory. I took it out, inserted it again and then it recognized it again an said all the space was available this time. Successfully copied some data to it. I will do what was suggested in another review and loosen the screws and see if that helps at all.
Now I have a memory card to hold all my games at last! Love it!! Best buy for sure!! Yippee!
this has huge memory for ps2 and is great because it can save a more than a few games and save you some money
Now I don't have to worry about deleting a save game file or replays anymore.  I can keep them all!!
the product is great is has plenty of room to store all the played games for the PS2
it is more space then needed but can store plenty of games
Great price and works awesome!!! I bought this for my brothers and they are happy. Woulds't find anything better at this great price.
Works fairly well but won't save some games.
Rather dissatisfied at that aspect I thought I had found the only card would need
I thought that when in the description it said "Brand New" that's what it meant. I open up the packaging & the box for the memory card has already been opened & one of the screws are missing from the card. It won't even go into the slot. So, basically I got screwed over.
It was a quality product and it works just like I need it to. I love it very much thanks
It worked perfectly! Have no issues, got it and installed the memory card and it is still working. It is awesome
Works great!!! I suggest this to anyone! It's a great price as well! Overall I'm very happy with the purchase!!
Great Product. Great Price. Great condition. Good shipment time. Would recommend this product for anyone looking for a good memory card.
one of the best ps2 products because it 128MB and normal PS2 Memory Cards only have 8 and can stor a lot of game saves
It was just what I needed to play my games, I'm going to order another one for the second person to play
My 15 yr old son loves to play his PS2 and has been wanting a 128mb memory card so he would have bigger space for long games. I ordered this product for him for Christmas, and it took about a week arrive. When it arrived I opened it and the packaging said PS2 memory card 128 mb but when my son opened it on Christmas morning, what was inside was in fact a 64 mb memory card. Not what I ordered. By the time that we figured this out, I had already lost the receipt so could not return it. Just wish that what we ordered would have been what we got, I could have bought a 64 mb card for half the price we paid.
I was weary of buying..But it works great. Would recommend it to any one. Great price and great value. No Problems
I followed the advice of several other commentators and loosened the back screws before I placed this memory card into my PS2. It works like it should! I would definitely recommend this to any of my gamer friends. :3
I only got A 64 mb card not the one I ordered,my grandson used it though, so I guess it worked.
The PS2 Memory Card 128MB for Playstation 2  via Amazon was a good buy. Just what I needed to complete my PS2 order.
Arrived on time, great for the games we play and save. Very reasonable price, ps2 games don't take up alot if room, so no complaints
got this for my grandson for Christmas, a lot of memory for a great price.  My grandson is happy about this one
This memory card was perfect for my ps2 I love it because I play a lot of ps2 games and you can't really find it on stores at all
Looked for item at Gamestop, Fry's, and maybe one other store.  Nobody carries it any longer.  Son was very insistant that this is something he really wanted for Christmas.  May not seem like much, but it was an awesome gift.
Defenately recommend searching amazon next time as soon as the first store fails to carry something such as this.
Will definitely be able to save more games now! All the space I could need, untill my collection expands. Then I'll get another.  :-D
the seller shipped fast. the item was packaged great...again the seller shipped fast. the item was packaged great. It says it's 128MB but it reads as 64MB and it worked. it reads fast with no delays. if you want a large memory card for your PS2 then this 64mb card is way better than the standard 8mb card by Sony.
I have a slimline and it reads this card with no problem and it works great.  However, this card NOT made by Sony, it is a knockoff.  AND it is only 64MB.  FALSE ADVERTISING!!!
Helleva deal for an ps2 memory card for the max memory. I will b buying more in the future.  Yea
okay it works for me i wanted for dragon ball z bt2. i don't know why it doesnt work for you guys. Thank you allnice
I just got everything working and played some games.  After about an hour of playing turns out the thing didn't save anything!!!!! So unless you don't like having anything saved DONT BUY THIS!!!!
My grandkids needed this for their PS2. Works really well. Very happy with the price also. At first it didn't seem to works so well so I tightend the little screws . Then it worked fine.
The memory size of the product is exponentially more then I would ever predictably need for use with my Playstation 2 games as well as a secondary data source for all of my game saves in addition to the Playstation 3 Slim which still accepts Playstation 2 Memory Card data even though it cannot play Playstation 2 games.

The only reason why I had not rated the product higher is that it requires the Playstation 2 to format the hardware to utilize it for game saves, otherwise it is a useless paperweight. Though I am sure that those who are interested or even purchasing this device would have no doubt already have acquired the necessary console for use.
This product is not actually distributed by Sony. As well, Playstation 2 consoles, to my knowledge, do not have any existing memory cards above the 8MB in size. There's some nasty hack for it that simply doesn't work and this card will never work like they say it does. It's essentially a regular memory card without the 8MB memory limitation, therefore making the PS2 overwrite previous data because the memory card is full, but the PS2 doesn't understand that it's full, thus causing corruptions.

My source of this information? The Internet and the two 16MB memory cards I bought years ago, not off Amazon, though.

Seriously, don't be fooled by this.
It works fineb. It loads quickly and acuary I fine it a dependable product I wouldd but it agin no problem
what more can i say about a memory card it works like it is supposed to so its wonderful for the price
I have the old, fat PS2. So far no problems at all with this memory card. Very inexpensive, lots of storage space! Great buy!
I never knew they made a 128MB for Playstation 2!?!?Like lol this thing last's sooooo long like it has alot of  memory in this little thing! I rated this 5 star's well because I just love it!
Not much you can say on this item except it does what it is suppose to do. It stores a lot of games
I want to play ps2 games and i needed a memory card and this fits the bill just fine. It can hold many games so if you buy it you will be able to own more games
Got one for each of the boys as they are so picky about keeping their info separate. They were all very happy, said the cards worked like a charm!
I give this 5 stars because I only ordered one. However when it arrived at my door the package had 10 in it,as well as a Ferrari,pony,and basket of kittens. Its a 128mb ps2 memory card,it is what it is.
Very happy with the product and the price was fantastic. There is plenty of memory in this single card. Delivery was prompt.
This was a Christmas gift for my son. He needed a memory card for his PS2 and this fit the bill. Great product and price!
The product came in good condition! It also can store a lot of game saves! All in all a great memory card.
These are great little cards to store games on.it save you money also. they come in very handy. Thank you Brenda ONeal
This memory card Failed at the basic level. My PS2 recognizes that it's a memory card, but it says "Insufficient room" Last I checked 128 MB > 90 KB. I could be wrong, but I doubt it.

128 MB = 122880 KB
Attention! It's not a memory card by sony as the product description. what i got is a ps2 compatible card by hydra. If you are selling a compatible card. you should make it clear in your description.
Does what it's supposed to do.
Nice to have the extra memory. Now I can store more game saves.
Satisfied with purchase.
Why was every memory card 8 mb when i was young, i could have just owned 1 of these and not had to budget my memory space. i cant even fill a tenth of this thing, awesome
<div id="video-block-R1HCQT1UO5OGTM" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1MoyZzlJHS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71nlP7pB6mS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;(Watch video for demonstration on how the card works and shows how to the card reads on the PS2)

One of the most amazing things is when you can, not only find new ways to bring your old consoles back to life, but go even further and find ways to STILL find more uses. Ever since the Playstation and beyond, companies have put out tons of items that help give new life to an old thing.

This memory card is no exception to that rule. I have had this memory card for well over a year now and it has not failed me yet. (This is not to imply that it will last forever, you should always make backups just in case) Imagine now being able to save ALL your game saves on 1 memory card instead of having to look for spare room on an existing 8-meg memory card. Being able to hold 16x more than what a normal memory card can is pretty remarkable. Although there have been a few odd moments that make this a bit of a... well... not so much a problem as it's more of an annoyance.

(One example of annoyance you will have to deal with is that certain games will "READ" your card first before it will "WRITE" to the card to save. This can take as much as 2-3 minutes before it will finally do anything, and that can cause a problem if either you are not a patient person or you suddenly get a power spike to hit while in the middle of a save where it READS before it WRITES.)

Other than that, the card works on just about every game I have played (Numbering 150+ games on my PS2)

Overall, all I can say is I have not had that much of a problem with it and it has kept working for well over 1 year now. Of course, like any electronic device, experiences will vary from person to person. But for the price, you can't beat it.
not compatible with my PS2
i like becuase it is a bigger memory than the usual PS2 memory card
i am not sure if i would recommend this, but this does not mean that im not recommend it
i would gladly recommend it, hope you have a better luck than i
It doesn't allow any saves at all. Fiddling with the screws doesn't work at all either. I had to replace it.
So far so good it saves the games that need to be saved.  I would buy another one if I had to.
PS2 Memory Card 128MB for Playstation 2.  This will help me keep from having so many memory cards nothing more annoying than having to get another card cause you filled yours up if there was only a way to have save states on this system:)
Works great lots of memory should have bought this one a long time ago. I actually purchased two of these they are great
its awsome. you can store several games worth of data. if you're a ps2 fan  then this is for you.
for such a good price and It arrived BNIP I am extremely happy with my purchase and since Sony no longer supports the PS2 I plan to buy the games I want from Amazon I have purchased 30 items in the past 6 months and I am a very satisfied customer
will use agin thank you my husband loves it he has not stop play his games. arrived day early . thank you so much
It's a good product worked well. Didn't have any issues with it yet. I will see what happens later. So far so good
Love it very nice Love it love it love it there is not much more I can say but I love it
The price and item met my expectation but it was almost a week late coming in. Other than that it was okay!
The product is an actual memory card, so it earned a star there; however, my PS2 (slim) only reads it as an 8MB card (when it does read it). Never will purchase off-brand again.
Does not work with all games.  Some games have not read and instead opted for my 8 bit card. ok
This memory card does not work. I guess I should have expected junk for only $8.00 but I took a chance and was disappointed. Also, the item took forever to receive, even through Prime.
Was super excited to see a larger capacity card for the same price as the 8MB Sony one. Well, I guess this time it was too good to be true. It didn't work at all, and we even tried the "loosening the screws" trick. Returning this for an 8MB one I guess...
well it is good. but some games do not recognize it as a ps2 memory card. unfortunately, i bought the memory card for those games...
Memory card had no memory on it. Very dissatisfied with the price I paid for it and what I received.
Purchased for our slim PS2. Some Guitar Hero games won't see it. Obviously this product is not 100% compatible. Buyer beware!
I've always hated dealing with running out of room on my 8 MB and 32 MB PS2 memory cards, but now that I have this bad boy I never run out of space. Fantastic product for such a cheap price. Wish I could have found this years ago.
Kids are happy that this didn't cost too much and has a lot of memory for their Playstation games. Got it on time and in great shape
Possibly I just got a defective one, but it didn't work in either port of my new PS2 or my brother's PS2.
I use this for two games and I am sure there is plenty of storage to put on it but glad to have it
the Play Station 2 memory card works quite well and I can store as many games as 16 8MB cards
It does the job it was made for!!! I needed it the cheaper ones corrupt data easily and totally suck!!!!
After reading all the negative reviews I was hesitant to buy but I have no problems to report after 3 weeks.  It works fine.
On the memory card screen it shows it as empty, but as soon as I tried saving my Kingdom Hearts game it says there's not enough room.  WTF???

Amazon, you should make the seller change the manufacturer, the only reason I purchased this was because it said it was a Sony card.  I've learned over the last 25 years or so to buy 1st party only accessories.
Don't screw with the card by opening the screws or anything else, the ps2 just can fail indexing the card. There are no hardware issues with it it is just freaking huge. My proof of this is that i can work just fine on the menu with screws opened but  if your game tries to re-index it it can fail. It may seem tedious but just restart the system if it doesn't work at first or unplug and plug it back in. It is so much more card than I could ever dream of using I wish I had just got a 64MB so there wouldn't be index issues.
THIS IS A SCAM! DO NOT BUY!!!!!!! they take a the case (as seen in picture) and put a 64 mb save card in it expecting you not to find out! these are NOT 128 mb card! they are 64mb cards with a case that tells you its 128!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS YOU WILL END UP WITH A TERRIBLY MADE 64 mb CARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS PRODUCT IS AS MUCH OF A SCAM AS CAN BE!!!!!!!!
on time and in good  work good  and i will like more  to see like that  think you  very much
Great price for this. It works great. I was glad to find this for my son and not half to spend a fortune on it.
Just what I needed. Holds a lot of space. So no need of worrying I Recommended this to many who owns a ps2 system.
Work great and plenty on memorey. I love it. This is great if you play slot of games. You won't run out of memory.
I find that this memory card indeed does it job quite well, so far I have not encountered any issues.
it is very I am enjoying it very much and I really love it thanks a whole lot appreciate it
I don't think this will replace all other memory cards, but it does work fine with my PS2 and I tried saving a few different games to tr it out.  They all worked.  I have the slimline PS2 so I don't know if that makes a difference with it working or not.  The price is right.  I don't think I will be saving any of my serious games on this card, but this is a great value for sure!  Also I got it shipped free because of a contract with Amazon, which is always real nice.
I had no problems like others had to do with their memory card this work as promise and was a great price compared to Sonys
This card never worked...online help sites say to only use Sony brand memory cards.  Don't fall for the large capacity and low price...you will waste your money.
Duplicate, cheap product. Won't recommend unless you are looking for a cheap backup to store, play. Retuned these product immediately.
Quite simply, if you have a ps2 you need a memory card. The 128MB card should do the trick for any gamer.
Just as the title suggests. Its a PS2 memory card. I plugged the thing in and it saves my game progress. Works as advertised, no complaints.
works great.
no problems yet, and definitely beats the small 8mb cards. now able to transfer most data to this one card.
It was really cool to have this much storage for a ps2 but unfortunately not all games will recognize it as a memory card so i just leave it in slot 2 as storage and copy the save file for the game i want to play over to slot one first.
other than that little inconveince this is a great product i will never need another memory card
Is the best memory card to used in the Play Station II. This thing make me save the advance of all my games.
Card is fine. Works great. No glitches. Also holds a lot of memory and I also was able to transfer old stuff over to it.
Got this to replace a 32MB card (normal cards are only 8MB); no "driver disc," "bank switcher disc" or other hacks required; just shows up as 128MB of save game space.
It's a pity that this became the standard for saving games for so long. Internal hard drives would have been a wonderful addition to many of the systems that came after the SNES.
The PS2 memory cards are essential for a PlayStation 2 system.... particularly for the `Slim' models, which do not allow for the use of a hard drive and with 128 MB... more than enough storage space for games (and saves from starting over each time when playing games).  Great deal.
It's capacity is amazing to any Playstation 2 player but it does have one problem with it. It doesn't always connect. Sure you can take it out and put it back or move it slowly to the sides until it shows up on the screen. Normally this wouldn't bother me because I've dealt with this before, but this seems to happen every time I first plug it in. Overall, it's a pretty good piece.
love it its nice and big. it is compact but large enough not to lose. easy to install into the slot
We bought this memory card to go in the playstation 2 since we only had a memory card for playstation 1. Was worried that since it wasn't an 8mb that it would be an issue to work in the playstation. The memory card works wonderful and it was well contained and shipped with care.
I tried using the memory card when I got it and it would not read the card. After a while of researching about how to use a memory card, I found a suggestion to untighten some screws on the back. THAT DOES NOT WORK!! This company is a joke and needs to refund money for this scam!
128MB will last you a while with the ps2. I play my ps2 everyday and even though I have been using the same memory card for over two years it still has 78MB left!
I purchased this product and I give it no stars. It is defe,tive. The information on the card kept corrupting through no fault of my own and now won't even format any information. Am very disappointed in this product and for having wasted my money.
This memory card did not work can not save any gaming on this card. There is something wrong with the desk
Got it and it works perfectly. Did not have to loosen to screws on the back to make it work. A great buy.
JUST AS I ORDER IT, WORKING GREAT NO PROBLEMS I love it, GREAT NO PROBLEMS, NO PROBLEMS . JUST AS I ORDERED IT THANK U
We bought 2 Playstation 2 memory cards at 128mb and one was not formatted for any of our playstation 2's to save any games for us. I am willing to send that one back for another on. I have the orginial PS2 and slim PS2.
For a third party memory card, it does the trick for saving your favorite games. Instead of having piles of memory cards, you can now have just 1 to save a lot more save files. I'd recommend this to anyone that has had to either delete old save files or get another memory card to save more of their games.
Usually the ps2 would recommend standard 8mb.. but wow 128mb, what an endless amount of space! I've already stored about 20 ps2 games with multiple saves! Best deal ever.
I was very happy with this purchase. I recently acquired a PS2 from my father, along with a large quantity of games, and no memory card. It was cheep and it works fine. That is all that really matters, right? Another thing you might be curious about: No, it is not going to break easily. It is certainly built to last.
Great to deal with.  Got exactly what we ordered and in a very timely fashion.  Trustworthy vendor for ordering product.
t he memory card says it has 128mb but won't let me put on 99kb of free space for a game
These new memory cards work just as expected.  Plugged them in and have not had a problem with them in the 6 months of using them.
It came on time in great shape!! It is so new! Looks better then I tought it would!! LOL! I can not wait to try it out!!
works good. i love it. i appreciate that there was nothing save on it. thank you for this good memory card
kinda worried that it wasn't a name brand memory card but actually worked very well...its nice how big the storage capacity is.
I chose this product rating because it had great shipping, great product discription. I would recommed this product to any one who plays PS2 games.
This does exactly what I want it to do and more.  This does exactly what I want it to do and more.
The "by Sony" line in the top of the item page made me think this was going to be an official Sony product. It's not.

It works...mostly. Every time I start up my PS2, it fails to recognize that there is a memcard in the slot. Reboot, and the game will see it. Then it works, I can save, reload, no problem. But it worries me that one day the reboot won't work and my saves will be gone. If I had the choice, I wouldn't buy it again.
Love it there is so much space on it my brother and I are able to share it without fighting
It works only when wanting to, I thought it was initially cause the console was old, so i purchased a new one last week, and it acts the exact same way. sometimes it loads up, sometimes it don't, sometimes it loads up but says its unformated, others, it says it doesn't have enough space for a save, when it has more than 90% of the 128mb still available. and also sometimes it will say no memory card in slot available.  This is so worthless, I think I'll rather use this for a databank sort of holder, and just play off of a normal 8mb one, copy and pasting within the ps2 browser option, cause this is to frustrating to deal with on a regular playing basis.
When I first put it in the PS2 it was not recognized.  Thought it was junk.  Then I read a comment from someone else who had followed a suggestion to loosen the screws on the back a bit.  I did it and the PS2 now recognizes the card.  Will see how it works now.
This PS2 Memory Card (128MB) (for the Playstation 2) arrived in fine condition and worked on first try.  Very Satisfied.
excelente sin queja ya puedo guardar cada uno de los re cor de los juegos 100% recomendado  100% recomendado 100% recomendado 100% recomendado 100% recomendado 100% recomendado 100% recomendado 100% recomendado 100% recomendado 100%
Not worth the trouble....this device is very frustrating because everytime you reset the consule you would have to take out memory card again and replace it back in for it to work again...
Very good article, very good deal nice, very good price, item arrived on time, the packaging had an acceptable size
Item was as described but more importantly, the customer service was above and beyond! Would definitely do business with them again!
This memory card doesn't seem to work on Ratchet: Deadlocked but works on others. The  formatting is not consistent with a Playstation 2 8MB memory card.
How can you go wrong with obtaining a 128 Megabyte memory card for the PS2! It's exactly the same size, there is no size fitting issue, it looks and acts like a regular memory card, and has fifteen times more space for saved games then the regular 8 Meg cards!

The only problems I have encountered with this card is that some games it is not compatible with, and the game will say there is no Memory Card in the PS2, or sometimes it doesn't read it at first, so try again and it should. I've never had to try more than 2 or 3 times.

The only games I have found it wouldn't work with was "Stuntman Ignition" (possibly "Stuntman" too, but I have not played it) and I can't recall the other one, but currently I own around 100 PS2 games, and it's been fine with all but 2 or 3 games! But don't complain, just use your existing 8 meg card, or buy one from a pawn shop or somewhere for a dollar or two, and use that for those games, and the rest on this awesome card!

Known games this doesn't work with that I have found.
- Stuntman Ignition.
- Guitar Hero games. (works fine with Rock Band tho)
- Action Replay Max (cheat device can't save data to it)
As others have stated, this memory card is dubious at best. It does work, though formatting it with the system it only displayed having 7999k free. This of course is unacceptable. I formatted it with the FMCB installer app and the first time it failed. The second time it formatted out to be 64 megs. I used Memory Card Annihilator 2.0 to wipe it and it still showed as 64 megs. I decided to install FMCB on it and it failed to install so I decided to format it one more time and finally I was able to use the full 128 megabytes and install FMCB.

I've heard reports that FMCB and other homebrew apps don't work with it, but in my experiences Open Loader and Free MC Boot seem to work fine. It took repeated efforts but in the end I have a working 128 mb memory card with more than enough room for FMCB, OPL, and all of my game saves.

Can I give this card a recommendation for most people? No. I cannot. If you aren't familiar with homebrew apps there is a chance this card might only show up as an 8 meg or 64 meg card. When it works it seems to work fine, but there is no way to know how stable it is going to be over long term.

If you like playing with homebrew and want a good amount of space to work with, then I say this card is worth the money if you can get it to work at full capacity. If you don't want to take the risk I recommend either the official Sony 8 megabyte or one of the other third party cards.

On a final note, the product description says it's an official Sony product, but it isn't. Whoever the manufacturer is, they went through some effort to make the card appear official, but it is very obviously a clone.

Buyer beware.
I was very satisfied with the ease of the ordering and the speed with which it was sent.  My son was also satisfied with the product.
I was about to finish my game, had 100% unlocked...and the entire MC corrupted. Terrible terrible terrible. I was so sad.
This item is just great. it has 128m storage. You don't have to worry about memory storage for ps2 anymore. you can play hundreds of games without deleting saving file.
You have to file down the plastic pieces infront of the contacts.. so that they match up with your ps2's contacts otherwise it just won't work.. also it boots kind of slow but for 128mb its worth it.
If you want a lot of memory , then this is for you.  Best quality , best priced memory card on the Internet
Mine does work properly most of the time, but some older games look specifically for an 8MB, and one time out of ten my PS2s won't read it. It may be that mine is defective, but it does work the majority of the time.
i haven't use it yet, but i hope it work good so i can be totally satisfied :) :) :)
todo bien, el producto es de buena calidad y muy comodo, la marca es buena. . . . . .
This item works great. I bought this for my husband, and he has had no problems with it registering in the ps2.
Why did you choose this rating?

se escoje esta calificacion por la rapides y excelencia de la mercancia.

What did you like or dislike?

me gusto el proceso del envio.
I was suprised to find this because most people don't use ps2's anymore but its great! Ships on time and is completely brand new
The memory card could only save PS2 data on it but the PS2 couldn't read from it. I don't know if it's because Sony's stamp isn't on this or if the PS2 was just dirty. But this product did not work the way it's suppose too.
This item was received promptly and well packaged.  It was a used item and it works just like a new one, there have been not problems to date (ordered about a month ago), meets all expectations.
it came packaged well, brand new like in store. i didn't know this even existed for the ps2, i'm so glad i bought this one.
The seller was fine and not misleading but the product is not good.  Easily corruptible data and though the size is good, it's not useful when you can't save anything on it.  Just go get a Sony memory card.
memory card works great and it stores a lot of memory very great deal for reasonable price would buy again.
When I bought this card, it said Sony 128MB memory card for Playstation 2.....but when arrived, I noticed that it wasn't a Sony card, plus it didn't work!
Hello, i must say this card does just what it says, it holds all of my PS2 game saves, i have always wanted to use one "Memory Card" for all saves. The card holds 128MB and after saving all my saves i have 110MB left and i have well over 60 Playstation 2 games, it`s like having a "PC Hard Drive" in the PS2 and now that i know the card really do work, i will be ordering quite a few more before they are no longer in stock. It does not take much to make me happy and this makes me very happy, now i must get more PS2 games, i have 2 PS2, 2 PS3, 1 PSP, 1 Tablet, 2 Laptops and 2 Desktops all for gaming, i love gaming and proud to say i am a 56 year old gamer, started in 1992, love it.
  Thanks<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PS2-Memory-Card-128MB-for-Playstation-2/dp/9629971372/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PS2 Memory Card 128MB for Playstation 2</a>
didnt work do not buy i shouldve read other comments first wasn't reconized by ps2 couldn't save any game is not a sony brand its a 3rd party piece of junk save yourself and do some research 1st sony never made a 128mb only 8mb their 128 was a 128k
Didn't have a problem with this memory card.  It worked fine. Gave me a lot of space to save games.
Not much more to say about this. The product just simply does not work. It really is very unfortunate. Sigh
I saw the ad and I was in need of new PS2 memory cards, so I ordered them.  The ad was accurate.  The company shipped them ot promptly.  They arrived in my mailbox in excellent condition.  I would buy from this company again.  Fantastic job!!!
Ordered for a christmas present. My 2 boys will love them playstation 2 is all they wanted. They will be exited.
This item was shipped and arrived in good shape as promised. Thank you to the seller.  My gripe is that when I put it into the Playstation console (slim model) it tells me the card is not formatted.  It also takes 10 or more inserts to get it to be read.  I had one of these years ago and it worked just fine.  But this one is headed for the trash can.  This is just a faulty product.
my cousin is the one that bought it, I didn't receive bad comments, so works the PS2 memory card 128mb for playstation 2  perfectly!!
This was an absolutely amazing product with extremely friendly, and awesome customer service. If you are looking for the best of the best, E-Stop is the place to find it!! A++ in every single category!
Did NOT work (Memory Card was filled with corrupted data that I could not erase). Get what you pay for I suppose. Would be better to buy one sold by Sony.
i ordered & paid for 128mb memory card. what i got was a 64mb memory card. thats 1/2 the memory. dispite that, 12 bucks for a 64mb is still a great deal so i'll just keep it and save the hassle of returning it. but i'm still only giving 1 star because i got screwed out of half the memory that i paid for.

so be advised, if you order this product, you might receive a 64mb card instead of the 128mb card. so don't be shocked if you do.
memory card works great, they lost their other one and would get frustrated they couldn't save the game, I purchased a used one and we are all happy with it.
The memory card works perfectly and is a very great product. The 128MB was a great improvement from my 12MB and 8MB memory cards. I had grown tired of erasing my save data to get space for other games. So I was very happy to find this. Also the delivery was a lot faster than I expected, which was great since I had also bought a few games that required the space. Thanks for the great product and I look forward to seeing what else you have in the future.
I bought this thinking that an 8MB card would be to small. So I figured getting a larger one would be alright. I was wrong. One of the problems is that it hardly works. There is one main causes to this.
 The casing in incorrect. It's too loose to fit properly and make a clean connection to the contacts. This results in the PS2 recognizing the card about 2% of the time.

So don't buy this. Just go get an official 8MB. Besides 8MB will go a long way.
The amount of data this can store is amazing but I had one huge issue with it that makes me regret buying it. My PS2 only recognizes it for some games. Other games like Genji always say that there is no memory card in the slot. And when it does recognize that there is a card in the slot, it says that it is unable to save the game onto it. Don't get this card if you plan to actually use it as your main memory card.
I was a bit suspect when I saw this card - 128 MB for 1.25 times the cost of a Sony 8 MB card?? Well, I've been using it for three months now, and it works!

There is just one issue; my PS2 console has trouble creating a new game file on the card. As mentioned by another reviewer, the workaround for this is to create the new game file on a genuine Sony card, and then copy the game file to this 128 MB card.

One other minor point ... the Amazon product listing&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PS2-Memory-Card-128MB-for-Playstation-2/dp/9629971372/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PS2 Memory Card 128MB for Playstation 2</a>&nbsp;says it's "by Sony", but that is inaccurate - this is a 3rd party memory card.

With Amazon Prime free 2 day shipping to boot, well worth the price IMHO.
Lo recib hace cuatro das y estoy super contento, funciona excelente, tanto la consola como la tarjeta de memoria. Excelente resolucin, cero calentamiento. Lo recomiendo a ojos cerrados.
EDIT: This _is_ actually a 128Mb card according to my PS2. However, apparently some games aren't able to see that much space. Persona 3 FES, for example, calls it an 8Mb card. Otherwise, it appears to be a good value for the money. If your games do not have difficulty with the size, then go for it. (End of edit 28 Jan 2012)

If you think the price is good for an 8mb memory card, then by all means, go ahead. Although the card and the packaging are both labeled as 128mb, unless you are more fortunate than I, you will find yourself with no more than 8mb when you insert it into the PS2. Funny that the guys at the local game store had never even heard of a 128mb card for PS2.
The 128mb memory card is good. I got it out of the pacage and it worked right away. I know that some people had to tighten the screws on the back but I didn't have to. Like I said the memery card is good but finiky. If I were you I would buy it. Now im buying one for my friend.
i bought it for the kid's christmas.  they FINALLY tried to use it yesterday.  it was chipped at the connector.  i HATE having to take things back, sending or taking things back to the store (especially inexpensive stuff) wastes gas and/or postage.  (and also it wastes my time).  so i'll just use it as a paperweight.  however, i won't be buying this type again.  i live in a rural area.  it's quite a drive to the post office.  i wish that amazon would come up with some policy that you didn't have to send a broken thing back.  just more trouble than it's worth.
When this works, it works fine. However, I am using one of the original models of PS2, and it can be pretty finicky at times. essentially, the contacts don't align quite right. It works properly about half the time, the other half I have to fiddle with it a bit. Just wedge a slim piece of cardboard or something underneath it, that generally gives it the necessary leverage for full contact.
This card is perfect and a great value. I can fit all of my games for the PS2 and more on it. It's a little longer than the old 8MB one which is fine, but it still fits into the video game cases in the memory card slot for easy transportation. It seems just as sturdy as the one I've had since the day the PS2 came out. This was a great upgrade and I'm happy with my purchase. I will never need another memory card for the PS2 again.
This memory card is absolutely horrible... It loses saved games, misreports its storage size and is completely incompatible with various third-party products and software.
I tried to fill this thing up but it stopped at 64 even though it said it had 128, the PS2 formatted it and it then said it only really had 64MB but it cost the same as a 64MB card so 3 stars Ha!
I was a little apprehensive about buying this based on the reviews that it doesn't work for some, but I wanted to make sure I had enough storage without buying multiple cards.  I must say that this card has worked perfectly for me with no problems.
This card is great! I also had a little trouble the first time I tried it, but once I loosened the screws slightly, it worked beautifully. I have most of the "good" PS2 games (around 60) and can confirm that this will work with all of them. This is definitely a great card at a great price! I would recommend that anyone with a PS2 go get one. You won't be disappointed!
After reading all of the other reviews, I was a little discouraged. DON'T BE! This works beautifully. No problems whatsoever. Save money and space. Get this 128MB memory card instead of the crappy 8MB Sony one. I'm so happy I could cry!
I would highly recommend anyone looking for a memory card not made by Sony for the Playstation 2 to cease and desist! I purchased one of these for the additional memory so I wouldn't have to purchase additional memory cards in the future other than a backup.  This card has so far has cost my son and I the entire game of Lego Star Wars Original trilogy and half of Lego Batman due to corrupted data on this card. I still have and use memory cards from the mid to late 90s that I have never experienced corrupted data issues that caused me to lose 20 cars and 8 million dollars in Gran Turismo 1 & 2, and too many levels in many other games along the way.  I cannot truly say wether this is a PS2, game software, or a memory card issue for certain in all fairness. But it's certainly the only time this has ever occurred in 15 years of game play by using a non-Sony made card.

Our PS2 is on a UPS, battery side, and has had no power surges or electrical issues to put forth for additional consideration; we unplug everything during thunderstorms and other occasions of bad weather (Florida).

Please consider before purchasing this product; it's a complete bummer to see everything you've earned wiped clean over two games. It does however give you a great excuse to replay the games to leave it on a positive.
Worked fine out of box. Did not need to loosen screws as one reviewer suggested. Have been able to save Kingdom Hearts, Burnout, Battlefield 2 and other games without problems.
The Last Memory Card the PS2 will ever need. Once you follow the suggestions posted to loosen the screws to get it to work right. After that its flawless.
It'll work fine for all my Final Fantasy PS2 games, but for Kingdom Hearts II forget it. It won't work period. Even tho I have like 128,621KB Free it just won't save. So I think I'll look for a memory card BY sony or at least MADE by Sony...
It arrived on time and without delay. The card works right out of the package. It does give me some problems with the PS2 not recognizing that the card is in the memory card slot but I think that's more of the system just being old. Other than the minor PS2 errors it works fine.
I keep using it almost every time I play my ps2 games.
Okay, lots of people have said this here so I'm repeating.

This card works. Period.

This card does have a problem however. Fortunately, it can be worked around.

This card is very tight, ergo, slightly smaller than the Sony card. Loosening the screws fixes this problem. Once you do this, the card will operate properly for the full 128MB that the card can hold. (Yes, I've actually filled it up with this many saves and things.)

If you are using homebrew programs that operate at boot time, you might run into another problem with this card. Because it has so much memory, the PS2 has trouble addressing it all immediately. It gets there, but these homebrew programs (FMCB, for instance) need faster access. If you are using some homebrew programs you will have problems when using this card. The best thing to do is to install homebrew on a standard, 8MB card, and to keep this larger card for other things that don't need to have full access at boot time, like your game saves.

Other than that it works perfectly! I haven't had any data corruption or other errors once getting the above sorted out after much trial and error. Highly recommended card.
I REALLY like not having to manage what and how much I put on my memory cards, and this one is like.... sixteen memory cards in one. I use my old 16 MB one as backup. My friends get all jealous when they find out that I have a frikkin 128 MB MEMORY CARD YESSS <333

The only problem is that sometimes my PS2 doesn't read it. I'm wondering if this is because it's WAAAY beyond the typical 8MB, because it always reads my 16MB one perfectly. It's always fixable by simply taking the 128 out and putting it back in, but sometimes it's troublesome if I just got comfy.

But that might just be my PS2.
EVEN IF THAT ERROR WAS FOR EVERYONE I'D STILL HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT PEOPLE BUY IT!!
At first it worked fine, Then all of a sudden it lost all the memory, My ps2 didn't even know it had the card in. Don't buy this I returned the one I got.
I purchased the "New PlayStation 2 / PS2 128MB Memory Card", and received it in three days through standard mail. I read the reviews listed on this page and took my chances with the purchase, and boy am I glad I did. I had no problems what so ever with the card, it performed perfectly with all aspects of my PS2. I am going to order three more of these memory cards and back up all of my games. I love this product!

I read some reviews here and saw to my horror this statement "I reinsert it with the game on". Aaaa, NEVER, NEVER, take out or reinsert the memory card from your game system while the power is on, NEVER! (Or anything else that is digital). That is 95% the reason these people are having problems with their game systems and/or their digital equipment. Also there are some reviews stating that these cards are not Sony's. They are, and as everyone knows even if they are manufactured by a third party, they have to meet Sony's standards and quality. (Copyright and counterfeiting laws are enforced by Sony)
this is a waste of money!! it wouldn't save my game,the memory card is empty and it said that i didn't have enough memory to save it. don't waste your money on this piece of crap!
The review about a PS2 not reading the card is accurate. I tried the "screw trick", but it did not work for me. My PS2 does not recognize the card. This may not be typical of "ALL" PS2's, but this 128MB card does not work with my PS2. In my opinion, you are better off buying a Sony PS2 Memory Card. If the card is genuine Sony, You know it will work.
Holds all the memory you need, and Great quality and Great price, Mega Fun, So go get your game on,
Fake! Doesn't work on ps2 at all! Don't buy this product! Get the original 8MB SONY version!!!
When I bought this memory card, I was thrilled by the amount of memory space it had for the PS2.  I figured I wasn't going to need any other memory card for it, but come to find out, it doesn't work with my Kingdom Hearts 2 game.  It works fine with the others so far, but not with that one.  So if you're going to play any of the Kingdom Hearts games, I'd recommend looking for a different memory card, this one's not a good idea.
What is plug-and-play anymore? The card does in-fact hold 128mb of data, however to use the card i first have to Turn on my ps2 with the card out. Then i put the card in and check to see if the ps2 recognized the card. Then i have to hit the reset button, and yes im using mcboot ;). Id it wasn't for the non-recognition without an extra step this product would receive 5 Stars.
While I have never had trouble with PS1 memory cards in my PS1, I only bought the 128 Sony product for my new PS2.  Apparently, however, every time I play a game, it says there is no memory card inserted until I reinsert it with the game on and at the point where it asks to continue or not without a card. When I say 'no' after reinserting it, it recognizes it.  This is a frustrating process, having to repeatedly remove and reinsert and not acceptable for either the price or the brand name.  I'm a fan of Sony products but not this one.
Be warned... the information page indicates that this is a Sony item, but not only is it a third-party item, but nowhere on the packaging does it indicate just who made it!  (Stupid me for not carefully reading the reviews beforehand...)

  By putting the package model number (HC2-10080) into a Google search, I found that nobody else seems to know the manufacturer either!

  Plus, there are multiple reports of the memory being slow and unreliable.  I might just have to return this... $20 for a knockoff, and a probable junk one at that?  Hmm...

Amazon, change your manufacturer line... the Sony name doesn't belong there!
This cart is great if you have a ps2 and want to store all of your games in one place, however if you have a 60Gig ps3 it won't work with it.
If you insert the card in your PS2 and it doesn't work, untighten the screws on the back of the card a bit. (there are 2). you will need a precision philips screwdriver.

Put the card into your PS2 and boom, it works! Someone else suggested this and it worked like a charm. Seems like they are tightened too much at the factory and in some way, it interrupts the memory on the card.

This card is great, holds a ton of memory, the most you'll need really. Haven't had a problem with it since. Fairly sturdy for what it is.
this item wasn't great. i thought it would be awesome because it was 128MB but it hardly worked. i felt like i was using an old nintendo console where i had to take the memory card out, blow on it, and put it back into the memory slot on my PS2 and repeat this process until my PS2 will recognize the card. not recommended
Great to have more memory. Doesnt work as well as the playstation brand 8 MB cards. Sometimes when putting a new game in, you have to remove and re-insert the card. Overall a good buy.
This is not liscened by SONY. Do not get this. It will fail on you at one point or another!!!!!!
It's a great product, it does what it says...except you have to do some weird preparations before it's ready for regular use. When I first bought it, I thought I'd been duped; the games didn't recognize it, the system didn't recognize it, GameShark saw it as an unwritable 64MB memory card. What I ended up figuring out, is that Gran Turismo 3 has a memory manager in there, and once you move a working save file onto the memory card, the games and system magically start working! So after that bit of work, totally worth the buy for its size and the convenience that comes with that [ never have to use another memory card again! =) ].
This item does not work with my son's PS2.  How do we return it?????
To put it simply this card works for me. It works with all my games and all my old saves. I might also mention, all the games that report available memory on screen report the card size correctly.
It is nice to have large storage, but the first one sent to me did not work. It was replaced right away, but I the replacement had one issue, seems to be working ok now, but I am worried it will stop working as well.
This was my best choice for the price for a PS2 memory card. The product shipped quickly and well protected. It arrived in perfect condition and was installed like other 8MB memory cards. I did notice that to the playstation it appears as 16 eight MB cards which actually lets me organize my game data a little easier. I have not yet transferred any older data to it but I'm expecting good results when I do.
A 128MB card sounds great. And it would be, if it actually worked. I read a few 1 star reviews, but bought one anyway. First I tried to move the game saves from my old 8MB card over. Some copied over, but others wouldn't (with no explanation). Then I tried to play GH: Metallica. Wouldn't let me create a save. I tried another game. Same problem. Waste of my money. Don't waste yours.
Thanks for the person who suggested to loosen the screws on the back of the item.  I, too, had trouble with the card - I certainly was thinking twice about buying.  But what were the chances?  Games would take forever to load and would often not find the required data, but would eventually when prompted several times.  I took the suggestion of unscrewing the screws a little bit on the back of the card and have had no trouble so far.  For those who have reviewed it negatively, give that a try!
Most people don't relize that these cards
are massed produced,and put together tight.
The two very small phillips screw at the
backside just need to be loosen up in most
cases. just a little bit; enough so you can
hear or feel the memory board inside move.

Hope it worked for you.

take it easy,

Tony
If you are still using a playstation 2 then this memory card is for you. I really am pleased with this product and I am going to buy another one. Trust me, it is worth the buy and I have not had any problems with it.
Don't expect the bells and whistles that you find in the Playstation or Xbox versions of Dance Dance Revolution.  This version offers wonderful ease and cost, since all you need is a TV.  But it does not save high scores, have different versions of play, or much of anything else.  It follows the basic DDR premise of using your feet to touch arrows on the mat that correspond to the arrows scrolling across the screen.  At the end of play you see a score and how many hits and misses you had, but that's about it.  If you have a game system, get the "real version."  If not, this might or might not be a satisfying substitute. It might depend on whether or not you've been spoiled by the more advanced versions.  But it sure would be easy to pack and take along when travelling with kids, perhaps for a holiday trip to Grandma's house where there are no video game systems.
It is fun to play this game, I really like it. No major complaint but if you have ps or xbox, there are several dance pads option, for tv you have only one or two but it is OK dance pad.
I for one am really happy with this product.  The graphics may not be fancy but the game works great and it even has pinball as well.  It's really a fun way to excersize and the kids LOVE it.  I was worried that with it being so inexpensive that the mat wouldn't be responsive enough but surprisingly it is quite sensitive.  My 4 year old can step on it lightly and it senses every step.
This product is great..whether for entertainment or exercise..it is great  my 4 yr old daughter and I have a blast doing this...great pricing as well.
Ok, so I read the reviews and thought to myself I shouldn't buy it..Well I found it for as low as $11.00 as it retails for like $90.00 on some websites so I thought what the heck for that cheap price, I'd try it anyway..I'm so dissapointed, I don't know where to start?? The box says stereo quality music??So I thought it would be like listening to the radio, um no..It was like listening to a video game..Who gets motivated with music like that?? Then the dance pad is cheap and hardly works right..Its bad really bad..I thought I was getting a good deal and would have fun with it, no..Please don't waste any money..Its not worth a penny...Listen to this review as I should have listened..Very unsatisfied..Its not worth the star I gave it but I had to put at least one or the review wouldn't take..
I bought this as a gift to my nieces and I was very disappointed.  It did not come with any instructions so we had to try to figure out how to use it.  It seemed very cheaply made and not worth it!
Was advertised and even referred to as a Dance Dance Revolution tv pad and its not a brand name as advertised. If you are going to refer to a specific product and use the name of the product then sell THAT product not a knock off....just before christmas when there is no other option. We were disappointed that we didn't have an authentic brand name product. It is obviously a lesser quality as far a workmanship and the music and graphics leave a lot to be desired. We will be very careful from now on when purchasing something online to make sure the product is what it is being sold as.....
I ordered the Dance Dance Revolution TV Pad (No Console) for my child this Christmas. It was defective right out of the box. Only one of the touch pads worked. Just another example of cheap junk shipped from China.

DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!

I was happy that I received a refund for this product.
I recieved the item a few days late and when I went to try it, it would not work. I was very disappointed. The only thing that appeared was an image of the pad on the TV screen but the contacts in the pad would not work to start the game. We never got to play so I am returning the game.
Total ripoff! This dance mat was not a true DDR mat. The songs are old & they don't play the real music only makes an annoying beep sound. This was a total waste of money. My daughter was extremely disappointed. I think Amazon needs to not sell from this vendor!
JUNK
JUNK
JUNK
The kids will hate this!
It is absolutely terrible!
Nothing like the real DDR game!
Don't waste your money here!
I tried to leave NO stars but
the screen wouldn't let me leave
the rating field blank!
HORRIBLE!!
Very disappointed! Do NOT buy this product. After only two songs, the poor quality "music" gave us a headache.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dance-Dance-Revolution-DDR-TV-Pad-No-Console/dp/B000CRV2GC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dance Dance Revolution DDR TV Pad (No Console)</a>

This item is a total waste of money! "Stereo quality" music...not! The graphics/music are comparable to the first Atari system my parents ever purchased...in 1976! And...no original packaging or instructions came with it. This was a Christmas gift for our son...I'm so glad we hooked it up before that special day...he would have been so disappointed. Do not buy this item...spend a little more and get something worth having.
I made a huge mistake when I purchased this.  Out of 1 to 5 scale for video and audio display. Video = 0 and Audio = 0.  Get the real game for the playstaion or Xbox.  It is a lot better and worth the money.
I AM EXTREMELY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE OF DANCE DANCE REVOLUTION, EVERYTHING TURNED OUT GREAT AND WAS SHIPPED VERY QUICK.
The product arrived exactly as described.  The shipping was very timely.  Thank You!!!
My 10-year-old would like to put it on eBay after trying it out for about 5 minutes.

BTW, the adapter that came with the pad doesn't work at all.
IT SUCKS ELETRONICS IS FROM THE STONE AGE , QUALITY (WHAT QUALTIY)DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was so disappointing! This was not the real Dance Dance Revolution. It was really upsetting for Anna, my 12-year-old daughter, who was looking forward to this.
I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this one. We had gotten an equally awful version for Christmas and my daughter discovered the real DDR system in her vision therapy class at school. It is supposed to be great for cooridination issues. We thought we'd get a "real" ddr for home this summer. THIS IS NOT IT. It is even worse than the Christmas one. You can step exactly the same on the pad in the exact same time and way and you'll get random results. Once it says you were PERFECT, next MISSED. Horrible for coordination training since it gives innacurate feedback. False advertising since it is a cheap knock off.
I ordered these mistakingly thinking they would replace the worn out pads for my teenage daughters' PS2 DDR game. This is NOT compatable with PS2 and is made VERY CHEAPLY-I am quite dissappointed as the shipping was high and I can't return them. I will hesitate to buy online again!
This is only an imitation of the DDR, there is not even the name of the maker on the box. I own a kiddie version of the DDR-TV (no console) by Kunami, and the quality of sounds and graphics are way above this one. Here, the "music" is barely an electronic tempo, and the welcome screen says 2004...  Don't waste your money, and look for something else.
It's no Sony Playstation game but it does the trick.  If you're a professional and have high expectations about the graphics, don't buy this game.  If you have little ones (age 6-10), or your just starting out, and you have average expectations, you'll have fun.  You can't expect a whole lot for the price you're paying.  My kids like it.  You have to put it away and break it out every now & then to keep it exciting.  I think that's true with just about anything in life, right?
This product is so cheap!  Very hard to use and for the price, I thought it would be not so cheapy made.  The graphics were cheesy and so 1980 Atari like.
I rarely get taken, but I did this time.  One song played 50 times.  No instructions.  Pad not in tune with TV movements.  This is going to a garage sale or charity.
I used to have DDR for Xbox and when my Xbox broke on me, I decided not to spend the money on a new one. However, I missed my DDR workouts everyday so I bought this as a replacement. I should have spent the money on a new Xbox. This product is not worthy of having the name DDR on the box. Imagine a dance pad game for Atari. Then imagine it is the worst possible Atari game you have ever seen, and that would be a close description of this game. There are 50 computer generated "beeping" monphonic sounds that irritate more than energize you. The rythem and the timing is off on all the songs, and the dance pad is very poor quality. It wasn't even worth the cost of the shipping to have it delivered to my home. I wish I had sent it back without opening it. Now I'm stuck with a game that even the pawn shop will not take.
I feel completely misled by the ads for this product.  This is NOT the same dance dance revolution I constantly see on Nintendo ads and in the arcades like I thought it was.  I should have read the reviews first.  I only hope to get my money back easily from the seller.  I was waiting for this for a week after learning what a great workout DDR is.  This particular product has graphics I haven't seen since the early 90s and you can barely tell what the songs are because the audio is like from an Atari game from the 70s.  There's only one speed and the dance pad doesn't do anything!  DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!!
This thing is being advertised as Dance Dance Revolution.  It is NOT DDR.  It is just a cheap knock off not worth a penny.  My daughter plays a DDR at afterschool and loves it.  She received this for Christmas, tried it once and gave up within five minutes. She said, it says fifty songs but it plays just one.  Well, the 50 "songs" all sound the same.  They are not "radio" or "stereo" quality, rather just computer generated noise.  Totally awful.  Having tried it myself, I am very disappointed and don't blame my daughter for not giving it a second glance.  Total waste of money and total false advertising.  This company should be investigated.  Believe the poor reviews and skip this product!!!!
This is a TV dance pad, not the authentic DDR pad as we ordered.  My children were disappointed in the music, graphics, and the lack of challenging levels of difficulty.  They said it was "cheesy".
i bought this for my niece thinking it would be a plug and play version of the video game. this has nothing to do with the real Dance Dance Revolution game other than being a cheaply made imitation and using their name, which is not on the actual product. very disappointed!
My husband bought me this for Christmas, and we were both disappointed.  The graphics are awful, some give me a headache.  The songs are awful--they all sound alike.  Its the kind of thing you can do on a cheap keyboard.  The pad loses any sort of sensitivity very quickly.  I've had it two weeks, and already I'm hitting the arrows but its registering a miss.  I gave it two stars because my kids (ages 6 and 2) love it, but then again, they don't know any better.  I am using it to get better at DDR, but then I will invest in a better pad and game.
I bought this product for my little sister so that she could exercise in the house and she loves it.  The rest of the family enjoys it too.  If you've never seen the XBOX or Playstation version of DDR, then this game is fine.  I gave it four stars because some of the graphics in the background are a little annoying and make it more difficult to see the arrows.
Before buying DDR, I read everyone's reviews, and thought that after all of the bad reviews I might still like it.  This product really fools you, this is why:

~If you've seen regular DDR you know what the pad looks like, well the dance pad and the box looks normal...untill you turn it on!

~It says 50 Songs, right? Well, it's not really 50 different songs.  About 20-25 of these songs are a trick-they combine 2 songs and make it into one track.

~The graphics are horrible...a screen looks like pieces of moving clip art stationed around the middle of the screen where the arrows are.

I wouldn't reccommend buying this...at all.
Here's the deal with this item: it's fine for little girls (and I suppose, little boys that are inclined to dance) who haven't been exposed to a better dance game.  I got this for Christmas for my 5 year old daughter; she takes dance, likes dancing, has never had or known about another 'Dance Dance Revolution' game, and she LOVES IT.  It's a big hit; she's jumping all over the place, adds up her score at the end of each song, and it's been a great, cheap gift, with exercise to boot.

No, it's not sophisticated.  Older kids or teens (not to mention adults) would grimace in pain over the ancient graphics and lousy sound.  For them, get one that goes in their PlayStation or whatever.

However, many 5 year old girls don't have a PlayStation, or need one.  This is perfect for them.  For $[...] and shipping, it worked out great for a little kid.  For a teen, it's $[...] wasted.  That's the difference.
We bought this for Christmas for our three kids and they have fun playing with it, but it's hard!  We haven't found one song that is slow enough for beginners!  Even the beginner songs are too fast!  We bought it so the kids could get some extra exercise over the winter and it has served that purpose!  My oldest son likes the fact that there are a couple of games included in the choices, so instead of dancing to songs, he chooses to play pinball and when he moves his feet, the flippers on the pinball machine move!  We have fun playing this as a family!
If you've never played a Dance Dance Revolution game before, then this pad is perfectly OK.  Go ahead and get it.

but.....

If you've played Dance Dance Revolution before, and you're expecting the classic songs that are listed as being available, and semi-decent graphics, you will be HORRIBLY disappointed (as I was) with this game.

The music is in MIDI format;  it's tones.  That's it.  Follow the sun, If you were here, all those classic Dance Dance Revolution songs are nothing but computer bleeps and blips that make a horrible attempt at sounding like the originals.

But if you've never played DDR before, then you'll never know the difference.
When i bought this dance pad i thought it would be great. All it has are little arrows on a screen that barely say that you got ant right. The music is like the music on a gameboy like a mario game. I tried it onece and didn't like it if you have a playstation or X-box i sugjust getting a dance bad for them.
I recieved this product in the mail today, and was able figured it out without ever trying anything like this before! It's so great to be able to just use the TV to work it! I feel like I've been to the gym after doing this for the past 30 min.! What a workout!!

  For those of you who gave this product bad comments, you might need more foot eye coordination! Anyone who is good with beats and has an ear for music you will have no problem! (It is tricky at first, but not impossible. Like I said, I'm writing this comment after my first 30 min. first time ever experience with this type of product.)

  I even think this product would be great if you have a blind sibling or friend. One could call out "Front, Back, Left, Right." The moves are the same on each song, so by playing one song over and over I bet they could get it eventually without anyone speaking to them!!

  Note: The songs that show one foot are the easiest, and the ones showing 5 feet are really tough. You MUST wait until the moving arrows are right smack on top of the stationary yellow arrows at the top to get it perfect. Make sure you listen to the song and move with the beat. Even tunes I never heard before don't seem to difficult to master if I listened to the beat and get a feel for the rythm.

  Have fun with this product!!!
I bought Dance Pad Revolution 4 and the pad for my 10 year old daughter and she has not stopped dancing.  She first saw it at a party and it was a big hit.  This really gets children off the couch.
I've been using this product for a couple of days now and have no complaints at all. I've been interested in buying an XBox to play DDR and decided to go with this first to see how much I'd use it. It works perfectly and is a lot of fun. No, it doesn't have high-definition graphics or a top 40 soundtrack, but for the price it definitely delivers.
When I ordered this, I was expecting to not have the quality of the play station DDR. I was shocked to discover that it wasn't even worth a dollar. In my opinion it is a horrible system with pathetic songs. I was unable to spend more than a minute looking at it before the disgusting smell of plastic overwhelmed me. Over four months later it still smells just as bad. I highly recommend NOT BUYING THIS!
The shipping was prompt, but the product is crap! Nothing like what was advertised, infact this is VERY false representation. The game has an original nintendo look to it, and no well known songs, also the music is such bad quality, seriously like listening to atari. DONT buy this product, you will regret it. I only wish I had read the reviews, before buying it. It would have saved me from the extreme disappointment.
This game pad was wretched- it has very limited sensitivity and the graphics were broken. The music was in midi format- (Like listening to atari) and not at all fun.
Also: it only takes batteries. If you buy it in the store, it includes an AV converter to plug it in, but the cheap-o's at this company remove that from the box.
DO NOT BUY THIS!
It has a vintage video game feel to it... I happen to be a big fan of the early computer graphics Like atari and Nintendo... So I like this game... I also have stepmania and just ordered dance praise.. But I find myself going back to this one more than stepmania.
I was made to think this was just like the DDR for Xbox or PS2.

IT IS NOT.

The graphics are HORRIBLE and remind me of old school Atari games and the music SUCKS. It's just lame bad quality arcade music. No words or anything.

DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY NO MATTER HOW MUCH OF A DEAL YOU THINK IT IS.

DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOT BUY.
I would love to write a review for this product that I ordered, but I can't. Because, the post office deemed it "unshippable" so it was returned and I got a refund. If you order this, be warned, you may be disappointed such as I was.
As with the previous reviewers this is not worth the money spent on shipping. I would gladly spend double the cost to send it back. It might as well be labeled DDR for you cellphone, the graphics and music are horrible. At least your cell phone could play decent music. Doom had better music to dance too. As I too bought this not wanting to spend the money on a console it not worth it. You'll be sorely disappointed. mannyman
I wish i would have read more customer reviews before i wasted my time waiting for this game.  I was trying to avoid buying a playstation because i don't play video games but this is just sad.  Horrible horrible graphics, songs don't have any kind of beat. do not waste your time.
If you're looking for an atari quality video game then this is your game. I thought that the graphics as well as the music was absolutely horrible.
I'm an adult and I was looking for a DDR that I could use for exercise and I don't have or want an entire video game system like PlayStation or XBox.  So I figured I'd try this.  The price was right.  (Shipping charges were a bit high, though.  But it arrived two days after I ordered it, which was great.)  I didn't find one on any other site that was less than this one after you calculated in shipping charges.

Yes, the graphics and the sound quality leave a bit to be desired.  But it works just fine for what I was looking for.  The first 25 tracks or so are strange versions of songs that I have a hard time recognizing, but the later tracks that include three different unlabeled songs are much easier on the ears and also easier to dance to.  You can actually recognize the tune, hear the beat and understand when you're supposed to make a step.  There are also a couple of arcade games - Whack a Mole and a lame pinball game.  I can't figure out how to back out or exit the pinball game without powering down the entire system, though.  So I recommend avoiding that track.

I think it will work just fine for what I want - a good workout that's also fun.  I worked up quite a sweat my first time out.
This is a very cheap version of DDR.  It shouldn't be worth paying anything at all for it.  Most of the time it doesn't register the steps and even though there are 50 songs, they have no distinguishable beat and are really cheaply produced.  I cant think of one good reason to buy this game.
theres one word to describe this game...

WOOT...

it says it all....
I just recently purchased one of these dance pads. Its not that bad really. I mean what can you expect for 20 bucks...lol...its lil old in graphics..it reminds me of atari days...and the music isn't the greatest but its not the most horrible thing i have ever bought. I wanted to get this try it out and then see if i was really ready to buy the real deal spending about 50-70 bucks. I like it so far...its really fun.
I had an understanding when I purchased this item that it would not be as good as the PS2/Xbox versions (esp. concerning the graphics) but I thought that the sound (advertised as "stereo quality") would make it worth saving money. I was dead wrong. I don't know how sensitive the pad actually is because the songs were too indiscernable to find a beat. Don't waste your money on this product.
I did not get any instructions with this, so we basically had to try to figure it out.

I would not buy this if I had to do again.
This item stinks! It is a 2004 version but my mother says it should be 1984 technology! My father says it looks and reminds him of PacMan!!!(But it's not as good as PacMan!) Do not be stupid and not read the reviews cause thats what i did!

This product is horrible so DON'T BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wasn't ready to purchase a gaming system, so ordered the DDR TV Pad as a gift for my daughter.  Not only are the graphics and music terrible, but the pad wasn't anywhere near as sensitive as the PS2 and Xbox versions.  My daughter quickly became frustrated as 95% of her steps didn't register.  I would recommend waiting until you can afford a gaming system.
Junk is about all that this product is.
I used this headset one time and it worked fine,
the next time I went to use it it won't work at all,
and that is the way it works now.
Not at all.
I wouldn't have even given it one star but that is as low as it will go.
its good but be VERY carefull with it don't drop it from more than 5 feet or something will snap off don't step on it either. mines broken becase for some reson unknown the usb conector jub snapped very suddenly. BE WARE
This is the very best playstation 3 headset. All others, including bluetooth headset for the ps3 are cheap and of low quality. I guarentee you will not get any headaches over this. Very comfortable and sounds so good, works with every damn game. Buy this i highly reccomend this.
I bought this for my two daughters (7 & 8at the time) for last Christmas.  They were not excited about it.  They tried it once and could not keep up.  They felt very frustrated and never played it again.  The music and graphics stink.
Well I did buy the game and if you are going to work out its a fun thing to did but if you have a x box are a Playstation  it will be good to buy it for that. But the TV is not that bad but if I had a xbox or a playstation I wood have get it for one of them but if you are trying to loss weight and do not have one of the game system the TV is good but there is something I did not like about it  The graphics are bad and no No words in the songs. But like I said it good for working out. and that way I will give it 3 star.
Okay, first thing's first. Don't get it! Me and my brother put about $60 together to buy it because the one for gamecube was to expensive and my other brother didn't want me to buy one for his Xbox. So we decided to get it for the T.V. It Stinks! The only thing good about it is that it works. The graphics on the pad is better than the graphics on  T.V. It looks like a Arcade game from the 70's. The graphics are to tell you the truth. Here are some pros and cons about it.

Pros:

- The pad is good

Cons:

- The graphics are bad

- No words in the songs

- Sounds like ring tones

- about 50 minute long songs

- Good for about 5 seconds

In the end I only gave it a 3 because it looks good. But they are ripping you off. Please don't get it. Get it for anything else. Please don't get it. It's terrible.
This is one of the cheapest made products I have ever purchased in my life. The music is not real songs just a bunch of electronic noises and the graphics are so 1980's. It reminds me of an Atari game I got when they first came out. I purchased two for gifts but then ended up sending them back. One even looked like it had been used then reboxed as new. The seller has no phone number so you have to email them. They won't pay for return shipping nor will they refund original shipping charges to you. Make sure you pay with the Amazon payment system because you can us their A-Z Gtd to get your money back.
This is so much fun.  My children and I used to go the arcade at the local mall and the DDR machine was one of my personal favorites.  Then the arcade closed for good and I was missing my exercise. Besides, the game was usually already being played so I ended up waiting lots of times.

But this game is terrific and no waiting.  I can turn on my TV and play anytime.  I don't need a game console or any other expensive equipment.  Make sure you wear a pair of socks while playing so your feet don't stick to the pad and don't worry about the smell of the vinyl - it subsides.  A few pieces of duck tape folded so the a sticky surface is exposed on both sides took care of the pad moving on the floor.  I highly recommend this item.  Can't be beat for the price!
Started out as fun (although pretty primitive and basic).  Can't really say much more about this product yet, though, because after a couple of plays it stopped working correctly and we returned it for a replacement.  Still awaiting the replacement; hoping to receive it soon because the kids are all out of patience!  One other comment, re. set-up - we have an older TV and the only way I could get it to work was to plug it into the front jacks of my DVD player (which was hooked up to my TV) and then toggle through the various input options until it showed up on the screen - not exactly the simple plug and play I'd hoped for.  Also, this product seems to work best on a hard floor, not as well on carpet; bummer for us because our TV room has carpet.
We were a little disappointed with the DDR system.  The pad moves around alot and gets all wrinkled up.  The positive is that you get a really good work-out.  We were also very upset that we didn't receive the one we ordered and the seller didn't care.  Might be our last online purchase for while.
$150+ for a more expensive system or $30 for this product. First of all, the song titles are not what is advertised, and the sound is poor. After using the more expensive DDR system, this does not come close.
Our whole family loves it.  We have an 8 & 10 yr old, the 4 of us all have so much fun together playing. Plus you have the added benefit of moving around and getting exercise.  Definitely a great addition to our home!
great exercise for the kids, instead of being braindead in front of the computer!!! pad moves around a little on the carpet, a little difficult for the under 8 population; would recommend for people without a system like play station,etc.
I was a little bit hesitant about buying this product after I read the reviews but since it was offered at a huge discount rate on Amazon I figured I had nothing to lose.  I purchase this for my 10 year old niece and when she got it, she was able to hook it up by herself and use it with a friend.  She loved it (enough said).
I ordered this for my daughter who just recently discovered DDR at the arcade.  We like the idea of two people being able to play at once as well as the fact that your score is reflected on the screen.  The competition adds to the fun. Plus I like the idea of not having to purchase PSP2 or some other console.

What I don't care for is the sound and the graphics.  They have got to be from the 1970's.  The music is done by some old computer sound - not guitar, drums, etc.  It has kind of an eerie sound to it like the OLD OLD science fiction movies.

My daughter uses it as a form of exercise and is looking forward to having friends over for some fun and competion.  So I will keep it until I find something better.
Some people believe it was a mod that added content to the GTA:SA. but the mod wasn't a mod at all but unlocked content that was already in the game. Without the mod however there was no way to get the hidden scene. On the console version you have to use a gameshark or similar device.
This game is for sure not for anyone below the age of 16 but AO is just stupid! The PC vertion of this game has a mod you can optionaly download by some nerd in a basement that lets more explicet things into the game with arnt there originaly! This game should be rated M witch it sure is but if you are buying this it isn't as bad as everyone says, take a look.

- major limb tearing violence

- major drug referance/useage *you never actualy see any illegal drugs except in a mission where you have to burn down a marijana feild for a hippy from SF*

- beautiful, and very very good representation of LA, SF, and LV!

- 100's of cars that all are diffrent and drive diffrently!

- dozens of boats/air craft/ motorcycles!

- dozens of huge songs including Micheal Jackson, Guns N' Roses, Lynyrd Skynyrd, and many many others! for every type of music fan out there!

- MAJOR MAJOR gang violence activity thats no diffrent from GTA Vice Citys gang/mob violence but in SA its alot more in the wide open and more into the story line!

If you let your child or if you can take watching scarface you can play VC with out getting offended.

If you let you child watch boys in the hoob then you can take SA in without getting offended.

If you are one of those parents who think your child/friend will pick up some of the violence and language from a video game you do not really want your kid playing SA for its non stop violence and, a new "feature", to the game is a ton of explicet language so watch it!

Over all don't get this game if you are offended easy or if you don't like major violence and explicet language DO NOT even think about GTA

But, if you like cars, guns, music, and comedy/serious story line! this game is right down your ally!

  ~NOTICE~this game was rerated AO~NOTICE~
Stood the test of time
It works great! Just what we needed. Feels very cheap but does what it's supposed to.
keeps older games working on newer TV's
great product
use it all the time between vcr, dvd player and dvd recorder;
this way there is no need to switch cables all the time
Works great and comes in a timely manner. Reason why I didn't give 5 stars is cause plastic feels very cheap but for the price what do you expect.
I now can play my video games
I like this because I have multiple game consoles and a dvd player. This let's you hook up up to three game consoles or dvd players. As long as you buy this from a us store it works. I bought it from china once and only one game console port worked. But I bought this one from NY and all three ports work. I have no complaints now. I currently have 2 game consoles hooked up to it with one dvd player. I have 2 tvs and this let's me play a game and watch tv at the same time so cool. I give this product a thumbs up...
Great!
Easy to set up. Works perfectly. But cheaply made.
Video does not work and device is rather flimsy.
Works way better than expected.
EASY SWITCH TO CONNECT,AND OPERATE.
Does the job!
Tv makes too much noice when this is turned on. Works ok
They didn't work at all.
awesome product
Sometimes works, sometimes not. I have bought several, and some work as expected. Comes in a cheap blister-style package. Still worth the money if you get one that works.
Switches seamlessly from my dvd player to my vcr to my digital antenna for my tv. Great product.
I initially received a unit that wasn't working. Since I'm handy with electronics, I decided to open the case up and check out the problem. Everyone who is having connection problems is probably due to poor soldering of the components onto the board. It's an easy fix if you know how to solder. I contacted the seller who sent me two replacements, one of which didn't work. So now I have one working unit and two shoddy ones. Hence the three stars.
This device is a very inexpensive unit and the quality shows it. I had a problem with it and because it was so cheap I couldn't see returning it to get one that worked so I took it apart and re-soldered all the bad joints. One of the video plugs still has to be partially pulled out to work but as long as your grand kids are savvy enough they should have no problem tweaking it the right way to get the WII or the Atari or the DVD player to work. If you prefer to have a better unit, spend the money and get a good one.
works great have 2
Buyer beware.
It's a cheap-o piece of junk. Keep in mind that I own a few of these and EVERY one had shoddy soldering. In fact several electrical joints never even received any solder. I had to finish the job myself with my own equipment. Once I did that, they became a great addition to my video game collection. Only worth the price if you don't mind a little project.
All good. Thanks.
The Switch worked perfectly. I now have my DVD/VCR and WII game connected to the switch.
I switch it one way for the DVD/VCR and the other for the WII game.

Works great.
excellent item would buy from again
This is perfect for multiple console owners, at least for older consoles.
looks cheap and trashy but works very well for what it is intended for.
SUPER FAST SHIPPING. PERFECT !!!!!
Didn't work, don't buy this.
This device came to me all broken up and returning it was a hassle.
Bought this in late 2011 and is still going strong.  Works great and has stood up to three kids. Solid. No issues.
work like it should
worked well for the short time we needed it
It works, but it is definitely not a high quality item. It looked absolutely terrible when I first set up my PS2. Had to take it apart and realign all the insides and glue together the broken parts of the case. It does what it is supposed to, and I no longer have to crawl behind my tv to switch devices, but I'm not super impressed.
Nice
This thing was lighter than air and broke as soon as I tried to plug something in. Don't waste your pennies.
Great !
This switch is very poor quality, but the thing I really didn't like about it is that from a cable management point of view it just couldn't be worst. The cables come in from four different directions which turns your system into a cable rats nest. I used it for about a week until the Cables to Go 28750 4x2 SVideo/Composite/Stereo Audio Selector Switch arrived from Amazon. This unit has 3 of the input  connectors and the 2 output connectors on the same side of the box with the switches and the other input connector on the other side of the box. This is a much cleaner approach to cable management and works much better from the user standpoint.
Still got it.  Work's great.
Able to divert audio from TV to either headphone (wireless transmitter) or room amplifier.
Great product. Actually works compared to others.
feels cheap, but it works
It works. The design could've been better.
great product
works great. Glad i bought this. It switched the signal perceftly. we have a WII, PS2 and DVD player hooked up to it.
Good
Great deal
I find the quality very lacking an am afraid to swithc it from one system to the other as the switch is so flimsy if you don't hv just right the quality of the picture is compromised and unsatisfactory. for the cost it isn't worth sending back, but I definitely wouldn't recomend this purchase to anyone
it look a long time to get it but its worth it i have 3 items hooked up to it works perfect its small so it fits on a shelf and don't take up much room
I've been wanting one of these for a while. I would find it so annoying having to unplug my cable to plug in my Xbox wires and then having to do the same again when i felt like watching tv. But with this i just have to flip a switch and it's done.
Only one composite video input port on my ancient TV works, and I have two decks to connect to it;  a BD/DVD deck and an aging VHS VCR.  With this switch, there are 3 of three RCA inputs selectable to one output, so I have room for expansion if I happen to pick up a game console or whatever later.  The RCA jacks use standard color codes, yellow for video, white for left channel audio, red for right channel audio. For a $6 item, I thought it might be cheaply made as well, but I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the unit.
Works great.  Exactly what I wanted.  Helps with connecting the multiple systems that I have.  Would recommend to anyone that needs extra plug ins.
Works perfectly - have VCR, Nintendo game Cube and PS2 connected. My six year old grandson has no problems switching between inputs.
When I received the unit, one of the RCA plugs had a broken connection.  I was just going to pass on the bad cord and use another as a substitute.  When I got the first notice from Amazon about rating my purchase, I noticed it said if there were any problems at all, to contact the seller.  I did, thinking that I would just get a blow-off from the company, saying that it was their supplier's fault.  I received a very nice email from a representative of the company saying that is was a rarity that incident had happened, but it did happen occasionally and would I be satisfied if they sent me a new one and not worry about returning the old one.  I was thinking they meant the cord...they meant the whole unit, A/B/C switch and all.  VERY, VERY satisfied with the co-operation I got from this company.
In one of our rooms, we have an old school Tv that only has one set of RCA jacks which were occupied by the Satellite box. We didn't have a way to hook up a dvd player and vcr player. This switch fit the bill. Now with the flip of a switch, we can watch Satellite tv, or a dvd or an older vcr tape. All 3 plug into the front and then theres a RCA wire  from the back going to the RCA jacks in the TV. Easy installation that took not even a minute.
We use it for a game system & are TV & are dvd player This thing really really works good
They work well, easy to change between one devise and another. It may be old technology but if you're looking for a good RCA devise, this is it.
My only gripe is the material seems like it will not hold for more than a year. But at the moment, everything that is plugged into it functions correctly.
We like having these.  We have 3!  Makes it much easier to switch back and forth without having to put wires in and out, and put wear and tear on the jacks.
It works great and was delivered quickly. If I needed another one i would buy another one. Its easy to use and didn't cost alot.
Very good product.works great for the many systems and players we have and for the price you sure cant beat it.
This worked great for my needs, my kids are able to have all their games hooked up.  Easy to connect and set up.
this feels cheap and fragile but it works for being able to have a dvd player, gamecube and the playstation2 on one tv that only has one rca jack on it.
A must buy for any child with a game system & DVD player. My son put it in himself-that's how easy it is. Great price & delivery
My tv is on the wall and now it is much easier to switch between tv, dvd and WII. No more trying to get behind tv.
The item did not work at all.  After plugging in all of the cords, nothing happened.  The idea is good, but the product is junk.
I have a bunch of old video game systems that require AV ports. I used to have to unplug and plug in these AV cords constantly because my TV has only 2 AV ports, while I have 5 devices that I have to keep switching through.

This thing solved my issue, as now I can have all of my systems plugged in at once, and can seamlessly switch between the three consoles with the flip of a switch. Do yourself a favor and buy this thing! It really keeps your cables a little more organized and such.

A great buy for those of us who still have a large number of SD devices that are still in use!
Cheap plastic, would buy a more expensive one. I will be buying a different product in the neat future when this thing falls apart.
Great idea for a kids room or game room.  Bought it thinking I was going to need it but realized that I just needed another t.v. Instead.  Nice idea though, and cheap enough for an impulse buy.
saves so much room!!! everyone need one of these, play the ones you want, when you want. your kids will love it.
After 1 year of use, it is not working fine. Anyway this technology is going nowhere with HDMI and other as a replacement.
I didn't think for the price this was going to be the best product. It did not work properly for me; I believe only one of the switches actually worked. It was not worth the hassle of trying to get it replaced or a new one. I noticed only later that Amazon carries more expensive but I am guessing better products also.
this is a great product it work great i used it every day i love it thank you so much
This switch is a piece of junk. Both the video and audio output terminals are intermittent. I can see why they lowered the price. It should be zero.
I know a lady that has satellite tv and an old VHS/DVD player. She basically needed a way to have both devices connected at the same time, but her tv didn't have enough composite inputs. I bought that for her, installed it and it works perfectly. Considering that it was this cheap, it's even better because it actually works just fine. I would recommend that to anybody that needs a perfect and cheap solution to a similar problem.
I've been using this product for about three years. Until recently, I only used the inserts on the left and right-hand sides. However, a couple of months ago I tried using the middle inserts and realized they didn't work. I honestly have no idea if they recently stopped working or if they never worked. Regardless, it shouldn't break within a few years, even regardless of the cheap price. Overall, as others have mentioned, it's a pretty flimsy device.
I've had this item for at least two years now and it's still working with no problems. It allows us to have our gaming consoles available for easy use with just a slide of the switch.
This is just what I needed.  I have a wii system, PS2, and HDTV.  I plug all three of these devices into this unit.  I then plug the output of this unit into my surround sound system.  Then, depending on what device I am using or if I'm just watching tv and it plays in surround sound.  I used to be only able to plug one device into the surround sound at a time.  The ONLY reason I gave this 4 of 5 stars instead of 5 is because it just looks and feels "cheap".  As of right now, I haven't had any problems with it but I am a little worried that some of the connections my get loose.  But at this price it's WELL worth it if you're looking for something to do what I've done.
Product works very well for the price paid and I consider it a good value.  We bought a new tv with only one RCA and had a dvd player and a WII which we wanted to plug in.  Did not seem to bother wii or regular dvd player as far as speed or quality of picture.
Our purpose was to find a way to connect USB and get to HDMI, while this might likely work for games, for our purposes it did not work. BUt it is a pretty neat device.
The title says it all.  It ridiculously cheap in every meaning of the word.  But you will get your $2 out of it.
I was looking for a product to hook all my gaming systems into so I won't have to move the TV every time. This was not the answer. Every thing is loose so the picture will not stay on the screen. I tried many different ways to have the things work but most of the time it does not.
DOES WHAT IT SAYS AT A SUPER CHEAP PRICE WORKS GREAT ON MY 60" PLASMA GREAT FOR SWITCHING FROM CABLE/GAMES/DVD/DVR/BLURAY
Bought three of these pretty cheap.  didn't have high expectations based on proice.  Took 6-8 weeks to get to me.  I forgot that I even ordered them.  They lived up to my expectations, but the the price was right.  I'll have to spend a little more money next time.
It arrived broken and never worked. Can tell that it is a super cheaply made product. Spend a little more money to get one that will actually work.
Did not work. Took forever to get here, did not work. Would have cost more to return it and get a replacement or refund than it was worth. Went to the trash.
When I first hooked up the item, things worked very smooth. It did exactly what I needed it to do without any hassle...
But shorty after (a few weeks) the item is having major problems.. It might be the cord it shipped with, or the signal it's sending out, but it's not working like it should any more. I have a new TV with more hookups and don't exactly need this product anymore, so it just sits around, broken.
The product is made of cheap and flimsy plastic, and for me the A/V cable it came with did not work at all, but I got my own cord and it works fine. Even with the new cord it was a fraction of the cost of the exact same item at my local Target.

I have a Wii, VCR, and DVD player hooked up to it. All work.
1 of 4 item i brought blew up. no idea why.  it is working fine like it suppose to be.
pro is you can switch av without have take it off tv that is awesome.  con, cheap feel, weight is very light, switch is hard to find in 1-2-3 switch.  I ain't complain about it, im happy with it.
I must have received a faulty product. I'm glad to see it worked for others, however, it didn't work for me. I've tried the suggested configuration on the diagram shown on the product encasing. Didn't work. I've tried different cables (thinking it could be a faulty cable) but no, it still didn't work. All I get is a half-way, static sound connection and no video. I'm assuming one of the sound connections (either the Left or Right) and the Video doesn't work. The product is a great idea but with poor execution and cheap materials (including the flimsy encasing.) I'm quite unhappy with it. Just a warning to those who would like to purchase this. Most unfortunately, it is a case of "you get what you pay for".
Due to upgrades with dish to HDTV, my VSH/DVD player was unable to be played as before so I thought I would rewire a way to connect to make it easier to use without static overflow. That was the easy part but building a splinter switch was a little harder. I check online and found the splinter for the XBox game box and assumed that it should work. Received it, connected it and it worked just fine.
this is a neat gadget that really works.  we now have all our game systems and a dvd player hooked up simultaneously.
what can i say? very cheap - works great. if u need a simple switcher for rca plugs, get this
plugged it in no problems, not top of the line, but did the job. give it a try you won't be disappointed.
It looks a bit fragile, but this device meets its goal. It's really simple and works perfectly. And the price is really low. I recomend it.
I replaced a cheap one with another cheap one by a different manufacturer. Same result. As I was inserting the wires I heard a cracking noise. Nothing visible and it is working, but when my grandson wears this one out,  and no doubt he will; I'll spend a little more on the next game switch box.
Should have posted earlier but life gets in the way. I received this and it is perfect. Just what I ordered and what they described.
I was able to sometimes get the video and occasionally one of the audio sides to work, but if I switched to a different component and back I would often lose what I had working.  My husband offered to open it up and try to fix it, but I decided to return it and ordered a different one from here.  Though it may have been cheaper to do the former...

http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0032ANC8M/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00 is what I got instead and everything is working fine with it.  So spend a few ($6-7) more dollars and get one that actually works!
I have had two of these for over a year now and they both work great. Granted, they are made of light weight plastic and I am sure if you dropped them or were rough with them, they might not hold up, but sitting on my television stand being switched back and forth, they are holding up just fine. No complaints. Great solution at a great price!
an excellent product, I liked it because it met my expectations, and it is a quality product and price. I recommend it.
Absolutely perfect for what I needed. My TV is up high so changing the AV cords was a hassle as I had to stand on a chair to reach them. Now I can have all 3 of my devices plugged into this and switch between them without any trouble. Perfect if you have a similar problem.
No problems.  Plugged it into my son's old SD TV that has one AV input and it works just fine.  I have threee different connections going in and he does not have any  trouble switching between any of them.  Cheap and easy fix to an old TV.
Great! This is a good item and it will be use for a long time to come.  I like it.
This was exactly what I needed.
I have a Wii and PS3 and I needed to switch between them.
Well this does just that.

The connectors are well labeled, and gave a tight fit.
The switch is BIG and well marked and I really like that (so does my 6 yr old).
Works great.

The 'complaint' is not against the product at all - I'd buy another.
The thing to consider is the placement.  I would have liked if all the connections were on one side - or maybe the OUT to TV was at the bottom.  When this is on the shelf all the wires are visible and not easy to hide behind something.
when theres not enough plugs for your consoles this is your solution. have seen other ones not as nice as this one that costed way more happy I found it
I use this currently in my kids bedroom to switch between their gamecube and the dvd player. This was a lifesaver. Thank you!
I purchased this product a couple months ago, but only recently installed it only to find that one of the sides does not work. The selector switch feels a bit cheap. Fortunately, I only need two sides currently.
Arrived quickly, but it doesn't work properly... eh... get what you pay for. . . . . . . .
Awesome product for people who want to hook up multiple things to their tv! Love it! Very convenient and easy to use!
The switch works fine..for now...and I have no problem switching between my PS3, XBox, and Wii.  However, the AV cord that came *with* the switch was complete crap.  I gave this a 3 star rating because I had to go buy a new cord and because it's obviously a piece of Made in China junk and I don't expect it to last very long. It's a temporary solution.
I am a big gamer and have plenty of systems and these (I ordered two) made my day (and the days past) much better and simpler than unhooking and hooking up systems just to play my games for a few hours (I have SIX systems hooked up to ONE TV!!). Definitely worth the price and easy to use.
gave product away.  no signal transferred. tried to connect using different types of cables from different vendors but still get the same result.
Glad we bought 2 at once. Do not expect the switch to last very long. It is made very cheap. But IT WORKS!
Not worth shipping back as a return because it costs less than shipping. The item did not work out if one side which defeated the entire purpose of the item. Waste of effort. Made of cheap materials. Didn't even want to bother writing this but I don't want other people to be as pissed off as I am
The product does not match the image on the Amazon posting.  As other reviewers have described it is a big yellow sliding switch which will change the input.

That said... the product is the cheapest you will find and it works just fine.  I hooked it up for my grandparents and they haven't had any problems with it.
This item was easy to impliment Very convenient. Well worth the price decreased clutter and frustration I would reccommend this produuct for any age group.
This RCA Selector does all the job that you need, the sound is simply perfectly don't have any problems and the best of all IS REALLY INEXPENSIVE!
This little product is excellent!  I hooked it up very quickly and it worked fantasitically. Everyone is happy with product here at my house!
It's cheap, light, and does it's job well.

The only recommendation I have to the manufacturers is that they need to make the nob(to switch from one device to another) move more dramatically. Currently the nob slight moves to the left, to the center, and to the right. So, from a design point of view, the consumers would enjoy the product more if the nob slid all the way to each side, a bit more dramatically.

Overall: Good product.
I received this item on the 29th of may and must say thats pretty fast considering I order it on saturday and monday was memorial day and got it tuesday. What I have to say my first impresson was when I got this selector box was that its cheap quality, the thing weighed only as much as an feather and the plastic feels as thin as paper; further more when I plugged in my rca cables the sockets kinda pushed inside the casing a little bit. The good news is that it works, I tested my xbox 360 by plugging the rca cables into the box and then after that plugged it directly into the tvs rca to see if quality of picture and graphics are affected and there was no diffrence and I also had my retron nes top loader plugged in the other box sockets and the switch works. Overall its great deal considering how much it is and is amazon prime elgible.
This product felt cheap, right out of the package.  Cheap plastic and input selector.  Only two out of the 3 input positions worked for me.
The product does what it advertises.  It is VERY cheaply made though, so be careful when plugging in.  It could stand to be a little better made but it does the job.
If it is really REALLY hard to switch your cables, or you are just that lazy, and you are just looking for a super cheap solution. LOOK NO FURTHER!!!

Sometimes you have to jiggle the switch and mess with it for it to be able to get a good connection. But once you have a good connection it works. But I have found its easier to crawl behind my tv and switch the cable than deal with this. But that's just because its not that hard for me.

SUMMARY
It technically works...but its temperamental.
The product does exactly what I would expect it to, and it does feel a bit cheap, but what do you expect for $6?  Mine had a problem where the video from Input 2 was not passing through.  I took it apart and saw the pin for that connector missed the soldering hole, something that should never get past quality assurance.  Fortunately it will be easier to fix than deal with the hassles of returns/etc.  Some people commented that the switch was really cheap and didn't click nicely between the inputs, I didn't find that to be the case, the switch seems solid and it locks into position nicely.
Have had no issues with the item and it works as advertised.  Easy for the kids to use, I have a PS2, vcr and media streaming connected to it with no issues.
To say that this barely works is to give it a kindness of which it is unworthy. It literally did nothing when it was fresh out of the box, but at five dollars, what do you expect? Not only did this do nothing, it was also scratched up before I so much as opened it. The whole thing is utterly pointless, the single most efficient way of wasting money short of ordering blu-ray players and sending them to strangers.
For the price, product does what it promises. The switch can be a little tricky to set on the correct slot. Still, a great bargain for putting 3 video & audio sources into 1 stereo and a projector input.
This item did not work.  The video port was OK but neither of the Audio Ports worked at all.  I have junked it.
The product is pretty small, about the size of my hand, and it is cheaply made. HOWEVER... it does the job and it works great! It just isn't the prettiest looking product out here. Mine is hidden to where people don't see it anyways so looks don't matter to me, the product works just fine!
I have to open it and solder all the connections again. I found there is no solder on at least one connection. Now it is working instead of giving me a large noise and flicking video. The PCB board inside is the thinnest one I have ever seen in my whole life. Definitely this product has cost control but no quality control
I usually wouldn't tell someone not to buy from a company, if I received a defective product. It's going to happen w/ electronic devices. However, when I received this A/V switch and opened the box, the switch was already falling out of the packaging. It was obvious that it had been opened previously because someone stapled it back together. Further, the a/v cords were just bunched up and shoved back into the package (no twisty tie or anything). However, I still figured I'd plug it in and give it a go, as it looked new. If it worked fine, no worries. However, I plugged my compenents into the switch and only the audio would work... no video. Tried all 3 inputs... audio but no video. So, I could only conlude that the video output jack was bad or not soldered correctly. Then it infuriated me that someone must've discovered the same issue and returned it... only for this company to repackage it and ship it out to me. For that, I would recommend not ordering from this company. The company is YNF Trading Inc. (Abco Deals).
It works, but the actually switch is real flimsy material.  If you wiggle it at all, the connection is broken with the device attached.  We had a DVD player hooked up and you had to wiggle the switch to get the device to show on the TV. Be careful not to bump it!  I see there is a reason it was this cheap.
I needed this to hook up my youngest's VMotion, our PS2 with all my daugher's games, and our Wii that the family plays.  This arrived in great shape and easily connected all three.  As some other reviews state, the cords included are not super long, but I had some longer cables that work perfectly.  You can find this in black or a bright blue and I went with black, it fits in with all the other black electronics.  I have read about this unit not working correctly, but I didn't have any troubles with it at all.  It's just a diverter, nothing fancy.  You connect three different inputs and pick which one you want to have connect through the output through a switch on top.  Certainly saves on having to reconnect wires every time someone wants a different game system.
This is a great little RCA switch for the price.  I only have two devices hooked up to it, so I haven't experienced any issues with locating the middle location, but I can see how that could be a minor hassle.

This works a lot better than trying to plug and unplug devices all the time!
I purchased this on sale for less than a couple dollars.  It is simple and functional.  No issues with it and I would buy another one if I needed it.
Have a Wii and DVD player and only one slot on TV. This was very inexpensive Works perfectly. A 13 year old set it up in about 1 minute. Highly recommend if you need extra slots.
I like this product, it was convenient (spelling?) for what I currently own. I own a DVD player, X-Box, and a PS2. The only downfall is if I end up getting what I have asked for Christmas (X-Box 360 or PS3...or even both) then I am still going to have the same issue as if I didn't have this item. I love the systems I currently have because I enjoy the games I do have for them.

I had ordered other brands off of amazon before but there was always an issue with the game selector switch box. So I was relieved that this one actually worked.  Although the packaging was the only down fall for this item, as I have received the item outside of the packaging in the box it arrived in.
This thing feels and looks really cheap. So if you're using this things for your nice/expensive entertainment set up, I would try to find a way to hide this away some where. Also, the RCA cable that comes with it is extremely short! That being said, this device does exactly what it's supposed to do. So if you need a cheap solution to having to constantly switch RCA inputs, get this. If you don't care about how aesthetically displeasing it is, then it's even more of a bonus! Would be a 5 star product if it wasn't made out of such cheap plastic, and if the RCA cable it came with wasn't so short.
I had gotten the first one and rated the item a 3 out of 5 because one of the cables didn't work, so we had to buy a new one. Considering it was only like $3 in the first place, I didn't really feel the need to complain to the seller and demand a new one. However, after I wrote the review, I received multiple emails and a phone call apologizing for the non-working cable, and an offer to send a new one. Of course I accepted that offer because I could return the other cable I had bought but hadn't used quite yet. They have great customer service and really care about you being happy. I'd highly recommend the seller!
It works great for me, Have no trouble with it I would buy another one, I have a DVD Player and a XBox 360 hooked to it... if you are looking for one I would say get it. Can't beat the price...
I was skeptical with the low price, but this item does the job. No problems! I would recommend this product.
If you are looking for a good looking piece of hardware this is not it... but it functions properly. Can't beat the price.
Kind of fragile, but works great and you can't beat the price.  Nothing broke, but I felt like if I pushed the cables on too hard it would break.  Cheaper than Wal-Mart even after shipping.
This was a life saver. I hated having to unplug and plug up each device whenever I wanted to use it. Thanks so much!
This box worked out great!! Some of my audio equipment is old so this selector box was best for the job. Now I just have to find a way to mount it so it won't slide around.
I haven't even made it to the testing stage to see if all 3 inputs work. There are several reviews saying 1 or 2 or even all 3 inputs don't work so we'll see. I'm doubtful. The RCA cables provided with the product are the thinnest and cheapest feeling I've ever seen. I plugged the video cable into the back of the TV without applying much force at all. Didn't move it perpendicular to the jack in the slighest. The end of the pin snapped off in the jack, creating a very frustrating situation with the TV's future at risk. Thankfully they don't call me MacGyver for nothing. I had to heat up the end of a needle while holding it with pliers, push the red hot needle tip into the plastic middle of the stuck pin and wait for it to cool and then pull it out with said pliers.

I find it ridiculous that the cheapness of this product nearly cost us a TV, or the expense of taking it somewhere and having someone else deal with it. A real piece of crap.
$1.88? Really? Well what do we really expect for such a low price? I certainly didn't expect much and that's pretty much what I got. In fact, it didn't even work when I gave it a try. But, like at least one other reviewer, I disassembled the unit and found at least 3 pins not soldered at all and one that had failed. If you know how to solder, it's a piece of cake. If you don't, consider this a 1 star review.

I had it apart, fixed and fully functioning in less than 10 minutes. It was actually kind of fun, but if you expect it to work right out of the package, you may be in for a surprise. Otherwise it's exactly what I was looking for in a simple, cheap switch for a newly installed Wii.

Proceed with caution!
Easy plug and play, all outputs work, but all of them caused background horizontal lines traveling through my TV.  Tried direct from my cable, and it was fine.  Plugged it back through the switch box, and lines come up, and they're there from all of the outputs.  Also the RCA cables that came with it very very thin and flimsy.  Perhaps they're the cause for the lines.  I think I'll try connecting with better cables before returning the product.
I bought this because my HDTV only had one S-Video/AV input. The rest were HDMI/DVI-Audio/PC/USB inputs. Seeing as though I like to play game consoles such as Dreamcast, N64 & the Wii, I've decided to buy this to hook up such consoles into it. The AV selection works nicely. You just switch and that's it. This device is highly recommended.
I bought this item because my kids have a WII console attached to the TV in the rec room. Before the WII, we watched movies in the rec room as well. needless to say, that became an issue as the cables needed to be changed around every time we wanted to watch movies or they wanted to play WII. The switch is not as sturdily built as it appears to be and in the case of the one I received; one of the sides does not work! That's ok since we only needed 2 inputs to be working any way.
Product arrived on time and was just as advertise.  It met my need perfectly.  I use it with my new TV that I also bought from amazon.
Finally I got this gadget and I really found it awesome. It saves time from pulling in and out cables from the TV set.
Purchased this product on the 9th of September, didn't receive it until the 29th, and it was broken. The selector switch was loose, the right audio output refused to put out anything.  Total waste of time and money. Save the frustration, and don't buy this product, and not from this company. When I let the company know i haven't received the adapter(9/26), they sent me the tracking #, which said there was no est. delivery date. that tells me it was never sent. On the 27th i received another email stating it arrived on the 27th, and would i verify. Again I didn't receive it until the 29th. They lied to me, or they don't know what they are doing. Either way I strongly suggest NOT doing business with CE Compass
This product is incredible poor quality. Its super flimsy and just plugging in the RCA Cables you get a feel for how cheap the product is. At last when you actually test the performance after you've made all your connections is when you realize you bought a first class piece of junk!
My lady was constantly switching inputs from our Netflix portal (a WII console), & a DVD/VCR player, into the TV set atop our bedroom dresser. Gripe, gripe, gripe. I knew there had to be someone with an product that would cross connect several outputs & stumbled across this little gem, a three input switch, on Amazon. It also includes an short output cable--for the connection from the switch to your TV. Took about ten minutes to unwrap the product and place it in service. Am extremely pleased with the result. For the price, this simple little device can not be beat. My gal's ordering two more, one for our exercise room and another for her son's home.
Purchased two of these so that I could use them for a multi game system component installation (video on one, audio on the other). I didn't notice any video or audio degradation even when using the supplied cables. Would purchase again for a similar installation.
Works as discribed and was easy to hook up. Even though it was promoted for game players, it works fine for switching between my Roku, VCR and DVD player
I received this unit for installing a system for a client.

Pros:
Passive
Three inputs
It works

Cons:
Feels cheap
The letters were smeared and it looks awful
The inputs feel cheap and are not very well secured
The same item was available for 4$ in a local department store, and it was in nicer packaging and better condition for the same price.
Not very convincingly constructed; I feel that just inserting RCA cables or toggling the switch could break the board inside. Cables stick out at awkward angles from the body. However, for how much it cost it is certainly worth it as a simple solution, if only a temporary one.
This item is just what I needed.works perfectly and is small enough to hide from plain sight. Very happy with item.
This product got to me a in VERY timely manner.  It was in an easy to open package and the product looked good.  It works as expected and it's very easy to use!  I am VERY pleased!
The design of the AV switcher is nice and what appealed to me. Output ports in the back and the inputs forward facing. Everything else is trash. The AV ports don't hold the cables in. The cables just keep falling out. The selector switch is flimsy to say the least. There's no resistance to it so it slides to another input on its own.
It is just a switch so not too exciting but the quality if reasonable for the very low price.  I would buy it again.
Product was delivered very quickly, was just as advertised and solved an electronic problem I had. This was a painless fix - nothing more to buy or cobble together! Great seller!
This product seems to work for its purpose. I do not like the design because it is hard to hide the cords, but again, it works great!
This is a decent little A/V switcher for the money, with a few caveats. The build quality is certainly not high. I was afraid I was going to break the board inside when I connected the cables. However, once everything was connected everything worked very smoothly.

I can't give too much credit to the design. It's really quite terrible. The majority of the cables shoot out at angles toward the front, resulting in a mess of cables from all directions.

Overall though, this isn't an expensive little switcher and it does what it's supposed to do. I'd recommend it if you find yourself needing one and aren't concerned about it lasting a long time.
i was happy that order couple of this product becaouse the first one broke so easy at the time i was connecting the sys. ????????????? will not recomended
I just recently was forced to upgrade to a HDTV after my good old CRT tv of 10 years picture finally gave out. Well, I went to Best Buy, got a 51" brand new HDTV without the added extended warranty and surge protecter that they try to force on you you. Anyway, I asked how many a/v inputs the tv had, and the salesman almost laughed at me saying it only had one and that it was ancient technology and I was better off upgrading everything to high defeniton. Ok, at 36 years old I'm a dinasour who still enjoys playing my original x-box, sega saturn, and even older 16-bit systems. This AV changer did the trick. Just plug in up to three of your "ancient" a/v cords to this and then plug it to the a/v input of your either very old  outdated tv or new state of the art HDTV and behold, yes, you han still play all of your older favorite games. It doesn't even need to be plugged in, Another + .
We purchased the AV selector so that we could hook up a Roku box to access Netflix for streaming movies and t.v. shows. We have an older 36 inch t.v. that still works very well, so we didn't want to have to spend money on a new tv.  Our tv only has one a.v. adapter, making it impossible to hook up the cable box/DVR, Roku box and the DVD player all at the same time. The AV selector solved that problem.

By spending only $10.00 on the AV selector we are able to hook up all three devices to our T.V. We have been using it for about one month now. It works great, and you can't beat the price on Amazon.com.  We priced an AV Selector at Best Buy and it was $42.00. We worried about the quality of this one for $10.00, but we have had no problem. We would highly recommend this product.
This item is exactly what I needed in order to hook up my ps2, Wii and N64 (addicted to Goldeneye) as my new Bravia only has one composite input.  Cheap, fast delivery and works like a charm.  Very satisfied.
I bought this product recently.  When it arrived I questioned the quality of it.  Sure enough it is already broken after about a week of use.  Don't waste your money on this product!
Very inexpensive and simple device that makes for a very effective solution to connect multiple devices.  I have the output send audio signal to my stereo, which is limited to one external aux input, and the video goes to my TV, which has only one external imput for RCA jacks.  This way I can switch between a game console, a DVD player, or a media player with a simple switch.  For the price, it's worth the hassle of manually flipping a switch between devices, rather than being remote controlled.
All my son's games come with a red, white and yellow cable to transmit the audio and visual aspects of video gaming. Unfortunately, most televisions have only one -rarely more- area that accepts all three cable connections, often called AV when flipping through the TV remote. This amazing gadget will connect each of the three cables of three separate gaming consoles, xBox, PS3 and Wi for example, then tie them into a single cable - which then easily fits into the three jacks at the back of the TV. This handy switch can be placed in front of the TV to give you easy access, no moving the tv to get remove one set of cables to play games from a different console. Solved all my problems!
I used this item in order to switch from a signal from one Tivo to anouther into my DVD recorder and then out to my surround sound system. The only problem that I experenced in doing this is a slight delay in the audio signal which gave you a slight echo in the sound. I was able to eliminate that by muteing the TV sound and still get the surround sound however.
Works just as described, easy for everyone to use, even kids.  We switch between DVD, Wii and TV inputs so this worked perfectly and you can't beat the low price.
Received my package today just in time to hook up systems to my new TV set.
exactly what I was looking for. this enables me to have three systems hooked up to my Tv when there are limited connections.

  for folks who have multi-equipment. This is highly recommended.
Audio in, but no audio out.  DOA.

Then purchased the RCA DT902AV 2-Way A/V Switcher, which works perfectly.
I just buy this product and I get just what I need. Maybe it's simple but does the job and works really well.
By the way nice detail with the christmas card included and the provider note, that gives a lot of trust.
Apparently, these are not tested for functionality prior to shipment. Mine did not work right out of the box. Having an electrical background, I disassembled it and found that two of the connectors were not soldered properly to the pcb, rendering the switch inoperable.
i loved it but i did add 1 mod to it and thats the switch i don't like the 1 thats on it to close to so hard to get what u won't on 1st attempt so i swap it out for a 3 way toggle works a lot better now
With the world upgrading to HD, finding a simple AV switch box is near impossible for under $40.  So when I needed one for a simple switcher for a VCR, DVD Player, and N64 for the living room, I of course came to here, found this for the best deal around, and I'm completely satisfied with it.  I Fully recommend it!
I bought this item to connect my Wii, DVD Player and Directv receiver with my LCD TV using AV RCA Composite, It is a useful selector... I recommended!
This selector worked for a week and one night there was a loud humming sound coming from the speakers...so i had to disconnect it and stop using it. I guess there was some earthing problem with the equipment
The product works well.  No seperate power needed.  Recommended if you need 3 to 1 switch.
i wish i did not buy this thing.  it gets in the way all the time, the cables are everywhere and when i dropped it the thing cracked down the middle.  i recommend radioshack items
The product that I received is similar to what is pictured, but there are differences. The biggest difference is the Input Selector Switch on the unit that I received is Yellow not Gray as pictured. This selector switch only has ~about 1/4 inch of travel where one is supposed know where to stop moving the switch in order to make contact to the desired inputs. The "A" connection  is the hardest to make contact. The product can be made to work if you just use two inputs and not the full complement of three inputs.
I did not contact anyone as the product arrived in an un-padded envelope through the US mail that was partially ripped open. The combination Cardboard and Vac-U-Form packaging had double the Chinese characters as there were English letters.  I guess I received my $10.00 lesson for the year...
I ordered this item and received it very quickly, the original one i ordered turned out to be slightly defective but when i contacted the company they sent me a new one the next day! Amazing customer service and the new product works great! thanks!
It's a great little audio/video switch.  It requires no power, has three inputs, and comes with a short RCA triple-cable for Video/Right/Left.  There is no crosstalk between the sources, which is what you want.  If you are looking for a manual switch, this one works great and is cheaper than the Sony that I also looked at.  If you want a remote control, this is not the switch for you, since you have to go over to it to change the input.
Nice little AV selector for those of us still stuck in the composite era. Does everything as promised. Possible bad/loose connections have on occasion made me get up and jiggle the switch to fix the picture (It gets odd lines across it). Easy fix though. Can't wait to get a new HDMI one with a remote on it.
It is a little awkward to place when  you plug everything in it - but I can live with it.  For $10 - this was a great buy for me.  It works, easy to use and not really all that space consuming.  I have my Wii, 360, and PS3 all plugged in and it is easy to switch between consoles.  Recommended for anyone who wants to be able to play multiple consoles without having to unplug everything everytime and who is also on a budget :)

...To add as of 5/3/2011...I have bought two of these (for two different areas) and have come to really love the simplicity of this as well as the continued performance.  It is sturdy, a great price, and something I still recommend for those on a budget :)
I was impressed with this product, it's size will fit in your hand and takes no electric to use. I use this to switch between my three game consoles so I can have all three connected to my home theater system. The size makes it easy to place on a table where the game consoles are, which it takes up very little space. I recommend it for anyone with multiple gaming systems. My 9yr old can even use it.
We use this on our analog tv. We have a vcr, dvd, and a playstation connected to it.  It works great.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/NEW-Audio-Video-AV-A-V-RCA-Video-Game-Selector-Switch-For-PS2-Xbox-DVD/dp/B000SJUR2Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">NEW Audio Video AV A/V RCA Video Game Selector Switch For PS2 Xbox DVD</a>
Easy to use and does what it should. less than 5 minutes  to set up and hours of frustration gone.
I thought this little device was going to be the answer to my prayers BUT it only came pretty close.  I was so tired of changing the cables on the back of the tv every time we wanted to switch back and forth from the Wii to the DVD player.  The problem with this gadget is I still have to switch a button on it back and forth from the DVD to the Wii.  I thought I would be able to use all the products at once theoretically, without moving anything.  But no, I still have to go behind the tv and move a switch, at least it's easier then unplugging and plugging all the colored cables in.
This simple AV selector is ideal for people using multiple game consoles (especially for TV's with only one RCA input).  The selector is practical and is a great value at $10.  It was nice that it includes an approx. 6ft RCA AV cable to run from the switch to the TV (or receiver).  No more hassle with switching cables behind the TV.
I rate this item a 5 because it works. I saved couple bucks compared to the other items that sell for a lot more.
While I have only used one of the two memory cards you get in this configuration, it has worked perfectly and served its purpose.  I have not had any problems whatsoever with it.
I bought one of these generic "sets" of two 32MB cards with the yellow background and "MEMORY CARD" on the cardboard. All of these vendors must get them from the same generic source so my review is applicable even though the specific vendor may be different.  In my case, and only one card worked and wouldn't format so I chucked it. I only needed one anyway so I kept that one. They were in separate packages, so I guess that's about a 50% chance of any given card working?  Buyer beware.
The product works and does have the 32MB memory it quotes. I've only had the cards for a few weeks, but so far, no problems. The packaging is shady and doesn't reflect the product it holds, but the product is the end result for me.

Keep my fingers cross that nothing breaks in 6mths time because I wouldn't know what warranty comes with these cards.
the memory card is great for holding on to all the memory needed for my sons games thanks so much
Great Product.  Works well.  Great Price.  Will order from this vendor again.
Just a note to say "thanks" for great service. I needed these cables in order to play "Dance,Dance Revolution"on my WII. They worked great, allowing me to bring the dance mat back from the t.v. Thanks once again for the great product quality and service!!
I purchased these for my Wii as Nintendo no longer produces Wavebird controllers by virtue of them being sued by a patent owner over the technology. I didn't want to pay for a used Wavebird on eBay, so I bought some of these. I sit back from my HDTV about 9 feet so I needed these for the wired Gamecube controllers and they work very well. Even with Mario Kart Wii, there is some lag with the Wavebird, but there is no lag with these extension cables. Highly recommended!
This is my second set.... since I already had the gamecube controls, I'm using them now with a Nintendo Wii, and it's much more convenient to have this extension cables to play farther away from the TV. I used them on Rogue Leader and WaveRace, but the kids play "Cars" as well, no issues at all.

Now... if you want to send me a gift with wireless GC controllers, that include vibration features, Feel free to do it! :)
The seller did a fine job of getting the cable to me quickly and the cable works well.
Product showed up as described and very fast considering it was shipped from overseas. Great seller.
I bought this for a gamecube controller. The reason I bought this is because Wavebirds are discontinued, and they can't rumble! Also, wavebirds eat batteries. The point is that I bought this. They work great with no lagg or anything wrong. You can also plug 1 extention cord into another extention cord for tons of feet. Since the only seller of this on amazon is mycarryingcase, this will probably come from them. When I got my cords they were defective and I e-mailed there customer servace. They are going to send me new ones to replace my defective ones free of charge. They were very helpful and got back to me fast. I would buy again from them, and definetely more products! Again, this is a very good deal for these cables, and they work great!
Great
Great extension cable. Quality is solid and range is decent.
This is a good product, I like it
They are cables, they seem thick and heavy-duty, and they work.  Now we can comfortably play the Wii on the king-size bed!
Cheap and quality product. Almost doubled my controller wire so now I can sit far away from the TV. Doesn't seem to add any noticible lag or such.

Recommended product.
Perfect, just what I was expecting
Not much to say it does the job.  We used it for our dance pads to extend them out so we don't pull the game system off the shelf.
Works exactly as advertised. Bought these along with a 2-pack of controllers for the GameCube, as my TV is a ways away from my couch and i wanted to play multi-player with my wife. The controller plugs into the extension cable about as snugly as the controller (and the other end of the extension cable) plugs into the GameCube, which is to say plenty snug enough to keep it in while moving the controller and cable around semi-violently, but not snug enough to keep a controller attached after being thrown across the room (just an example). One major concern I did have when I bough these was the possibility of lag due to the signal from the controller having to travel farther. This concern was unwarranted, as I have noticed no difference in response time either way. On durability, I've had these for almost 2 years and they haven't shown any noticeable signs of wear. Throw in a reasonable price ($4 when I bought it from Amermedia in 2012) and this is a heck of a deal for people that need a product like this. I would recommend.
One of them broke immediately, the other one still works, I guess they're just too cheap and there's no telling if it will actually work longer than two days.
I just received the extension cables recently and they so far seem to work great for the price. I haven't noticed any lag, or at least not anything significant for any but the most hardcore Smash players. I can't comment on the longevity, since I haven't had them for long.
They work fine but i feel like they have a little lag to the controls when i use it on my controller. And out of the two, one is already ripping. They get the job done but i don't think they will last very long.
I bought these to extend the length of the game cube controller reach. Everyone that uses these has no issues with poor controller reaction times and can sit just about anywhere to play.
This Cable extender worked great! I used it when and had absolutely no problems with it at all! It adds a good 6ft of extra cable length. I tried hooking two together and I found no extra input lag using these cables.

Great if you need the extra cable!
These are great. If you have a wii and use your GameCube controllers these are a must have. I can sit on the couch and not have to lean in towards the console and have the freedom to move around. They're perfect
And now I can sit back far enough to see my entire TV and avoid wielders burn in my retina.  So simple, yet so obvious a necessity given how freaken short the big "N" made their controller's cords.  Buy them now and heal your spine!
After buying this product one of the extension cables stopped working a few days after use. I ended up with only one extension cable that was reliable. I gave the product 3 stars because they were so cheap that I can't really complain.
For people who still have a GameCube, but don't have a wireless controller (don't bother, you'll be disappointed because none of them come with the damn adapter,) these cords are fantastic. I can take my controller all over the house with them if I please, and they don't cause lag or short out to any degree I can tell. They're not shoddily-made and have lasted well so far. I'd buy them again.
My nephew wanted an older gamecube game to play in our Wii. Once I purchased the game for him, we found out that the Wii controllers won't work with the gamecube games when played in the Wii. After doing a little research, I realized we needed the classic gamecube controller and a gamecube memory card. Once we got both of those, the gamecube game that we bought finally worked! After playing the game for a bit while being "tethered" to the Wii system because of the cable for the controller, we decided we needed extension cables to have a bit more freedom. So we got these controller extension cables. He is happy!
this was great we loved it nice long cord so you can sit and relax if you wanted to lol HAPPY HAPPY with my order
Worked perfectly. Nothing much else to say. Grab 'em. I think I daisy chained them together and they still work.
These cords worked great for me and makes my gamecube controllers long enough so I can relax on my couch and play gc at the same time
Also shipped fast I recommend this product
Great product! Now my kids don't need to sit right next to the TV to play their GameCube. I would buy these again.
I was very pleased with this product! It was exactly as described! The price is also very reasonable for this product!
I bought 4 of these, 1 of which was shipped to me with defects, and 2 more became defective within about 2 weeks of normal use. I would not recommend these to any one, but couldn't give a 1 star as1 of 4 cords still works fine
I viewed these and others on Amazon and found several with a wide price range. I took these because they were cheap and thought I would give them a try and  if they weren't any good I hadn't lost much. They work great and the quality are as good as those of others I have seen.
Two people sat in front of the couch, two people sat on the couch. The cord extenders went to the people sitting a little farther away, because unfortunately, gamecube controller cords are really short. These worked great though.
Received a total of 2 extensions work great  Nintendo brand and generic brands. Only complaint is one of them broke at one end. The cable slid right out of the socket and I had to throw it out. other than that great product. I'm hoping this was just a fluke.
This is a great product that works exactly as the product page states - it extends the reach of the gamecube controller cable by 6 feet. Seems sturdy, and the connection is nice and tight so it doesn't fall off by itself. Not detecting any latency between hitting the controls and actions happening in-game.
My living room is fairly large, so these chords make it nice to play games which require the old controllers. My family can play video games from the comfort of our couch rather than sitting on the hard floor close to the console.
These awesome-sauce things make any GC controller as far extended as a wavebird. Given these days any games I have time to play are all via the Wii anyway, having the extra length for GC controllers is great.
With the amount of interference I kept getting with the wireless controllers, I was stuck far too close to the TV to enjoy many of the visual aspects of the classics. This cable extension cord made playing some of my old Gamecube games just as fun as the day it came out. A big must have if you can't get the wireless format to work properly.
well atleast one of them worked what else could you want for the price. the other one works too just not all the time
The cords make it easy for me to use my game cube controllers while on the couch and leaving my wii in place. I unplug everything and put it away each time I finish using it. The cords have not worn out and still work like new.
this really cam in handy we need a extra length for the controller and it was perfect exactly what we needed
When the gamecube came out, we all had 19, 20 or 24 inch CRT televisions.  The standard 6 foot gamecube controller cord was acceptable.  But now that we have these 50+ inch TV screens, 6 feet just doesn't cut it.

I've used 2 of these cables for about 6 months to play games on my gamecube and wii.  Everyday I wrap the cords back up around the controller and tuck it away.  All that twisting of the cords has had no effect on the connectors.  They operate just great.  The 2 pack was enough for me to sit about 15 feet back from the console and still have slack.

I'd recommend this to any gamer that uses their gamecube controller on their wii or gamecube and wants to sit back a bit from their TV.  Their "may" be a wireless alternative to a gamecube controller for these older games, but I couldn't beat the price.  I didn't bother even looking for an alternative.
Easy to use, fantastic to play across the room or what have you. Price is fantastic! Shipped perfectly on time.
These things work really great and can be combined for even longer cable lengths but be warned that the rubber shielding seems to slip around the plug head. Not a big deal, but could lead to eventual short.
I rated this product as I have because it exceeded my expectations. Also, I would recommend this product to others.
The gamecube controller wire is length has always been annoying. Once got these that solved that problem. They work great, fit right, and do not cause any controller lag. Great buy.
it does what its designed for and does it well for those old school wired controllers. no trip zone here.
This was very helpful in getting the dance pads further way from the Wii to be able to play with our projector.  Totally recommend this product and dealer!
I have used these for months.

out of no where no matter what happened it always looked like the joystick always was stuck going right. no matter what game or what controller i used, it always was going right. The other one is fine though.

If you find one that is better quality definitely go with that one instead of these.

Cool idea though...
I can now sit on the couch to play instead of putting a chair in front of the TV. There are no problems.
With this older non IR system I need to extend the controller with a reasonable item. This fit the bill with no problems.
These cords aren't very high quality, but you get what you pay for. I just hope they hold up for a while. Bare wire appeared at the base of the plug-in a couple days after installed.
These are fantastic. A much cheaper option than picking up wireless controllers to play Gamecube/Virtual console on your Wii. These cords make it so our controllers span almost the entire width of the room that they're in. Haven't tried daisy chaining them together, but you could make a comically long 18' controller that way.
These extensions are perfect - exactly what my husband was looking for! Unfortunately, after the first couple of uses, he noticed that on one of the cords, some of the wiring was exposed at the juncture between the cord and the part that plugs into the GameCube itself. Never one to blame the product first, he says it might be the way that he coiled the cord... however, he stores *all* of his controller cords the same way (and I my laptop & phone cords as well - in a wide circle) and we have yet to experience this issue with them (most of which we have had for years). My concern is that this happened so soon after purchasing and using them.

Ultimately, it does still work, so we'll probably just wrap it with a bit of electrical tape and call it a day - just handle with care!
I got my Extension cables earlier this year and have absolutely ZERO problems with them.  I am impressed with the quality of the cables.  Looking through others posts some complain of bad quality and parts, mine are great.  I got mine from the seller Agile mobile LLC, which when I click on the seller profile turns into amermedia.
This is the greatest thing for wired controllers.  Our game system is in one location, and these extension cables make is a whole lot easier to sit comfortably without being right on top of the television.  They are currently unavailable at the moment, however when more come in, will definately purchase another set.  My daughter and her friends are thrilled.
These extenders work as expected. I bought them when I wanted to buy Double Dash for the game cube to play on my Wii. If you're used to playing the Wii, you probably sit much further away than a standard GC controller will reach, so definitely pick some of these up.
Exactly as expected.  The product doesn't receive substantial use but is working well for my three sons who play daily.
I hate using wireless controllers.  These allow me to sit on my couch comfortably and use my wired controllers, rumble and all.  They are a little hard to get undone, but I leave them connected nearly all the time.  The price makes these a great deal.  I recommend them to all my friends with gamecubes.
fast shipping, great price! bought 2 packs and it really makes gaming easier since we can finally sit on the couch with our gamepad controllers.
This is a must get for anyone who has a gamecube or uses the backwards compatibility of their wii to play their favorite old games. With 6 ft being enough length for just one controller, you can give the other to a friend, or have it connected to a second controller. And only $4? Worth every penny.
At 6 feet and at 4 dollars each its a good deal, ive seen some other cables for much more and these work just fine, i like that they're black  and they connect into the controller with ease. buy it with confidence.
The extension cables work great, you can connect a few if you want, play from 20+ ft away if you're into that.  However, don't wrap them up by twisting around a Gamecube controller, this can cause the wires to stress and pull out of the connector.  They work, but take care of them, or they may not last long.  At least they're cheap!
The product was just as the picture and works fine.  It is long enough to play comfortably at a distance.  There is no delay in control using this product.
The extensions connect perfectly and the connection is flawless. It seems as if the controller is wireless because it extends so far. A great price for a great buy. If you love GameCube and need an extension for your wired controllers, these are the ones to get.
This isn't a particularly deep product. They are wire extenders to be used for the Nintendo Gamecube controllers. They come in a pack of two which is fantastic for the cheap price. They extend approximately 6 feet in length, and with the already fairly long wire on the Gamecube controller already, these come in handy if you need to sit somewhat far away in a regular sized room. I have had no trouble with these at all as they function properly and connection just as easily to any controller. Getting these beats paying the higher price for the Wavebird wireless Gamecube controllers. I'm on a budget so I'll just stick with a wired controller, no big deal.
these things are a must. the gamecube controllers are too short.  not much to say about these cords themselves, other than they work.
Not much to screw up here. Six foot cables extend the length of your gamecube controller by...six feet.  No mere empty cords are these, no way, they transmit controller input straight to the 'cube and everything! You heard me right sir or madam! Sit your fatty posterior in your couch and hammer those thumbs and fingers till they fall off! These cables work something swell! BUT DO NOT EAT!
it was just what i was looking for. the time that it took to get here wasn't very long, and the price was  fair.
Well, one of the cords lasted almost a day, the other is still working, however, I had to secure it myself due to the lack of quality on this product.

The wiring is not shielded, but so far, no interference. The wiring goes into the connection harness, however, it is a push through hole and has no anchoring. The only thing holding the connector to the wiring is the soldering points. I have not even put any pressure on the wire, and it fell apart. The other I taped up so that the wiring would not be constantly pulling on the connection points.

I pulled apart the one that broke and found the connectors to be made of a poor quality that had oxidation and corrosion. The wire guage is so small that a soldering iron will melt right through the wiring. 3 of the connections were broken at the pin/wire soldering point, and the others were broken pins themselves. Spend a little more and get a quality product.
These are what they say- 2 Gamecube extension cords. They are nondescript and ok, if a little shorter than I'd prefer. Unfortunately, one of them broke last night the 3rd time we used it. Not super helpful. So, pros: cheap and functional. Cons: not always functional.
I bought this for my gamecube contoller to plug into my wifes wii. It as more than enough to allow comfort and ease of the controller.
-Both 6ft (I think they're 6ft) cords work well.

-When plugging into the female end of the extension cord, it has a very noticeable snugness. It could be a good thing or a bad thing.

-Both cords smell new. lol

-Great value if more than one extension cord is needed.
Both of these extenders failed after about 2 months. The female port on the extender separated from the cord. It seems like the ends of these extenders are merely clipped on similar to an ethernet cable, unlike the cords on the gamecube controllers themselves.
I play Brawl and Melee all the time with my siblings and friends, and sitting squished together 3 feet from the tv was a pain. So I got these cables because it was cheep and could solve most of our problems with this, even if it did not look like they would last long from some of the reviews. but when i got these they worked great and did not seem cheap at all. I expected there to be lag with the controls, but there wasn't. They have survived a month of intense fighting and are still in top-notch condition. These are great if you need room or do not like sitting 3 feet from the screen.
it is a good product its not 6ft like it says we measured it but it is a little over 5ft which is good enough for our use
These do exactly what they are supposed to do. So now I cam sit back and enjoy the games, there is no delay interference with any moves. It works seamlessly, and great price too.
I bought these cords because I got a second controller.  I tested them to make sure that they worked (and they did).  However, when i went to put them away the cables ended up coming out of one of the cords and getting stuck in the other, making them useless. All this after using it ONCE!  I have another extension cable for my fist controller and have never had this problem in over a year of use with it.

The picture is also misleading about these cables.  I thought that I was buying 2 separate cords that i could link together if needed.  But they actually can't be linked directly to the controller if you don't use both.  i think that instead of marketing them as 2 separate cords it should instead say 2 parts of a cord.

I recommend if you do buy these DO NOT take the cords apart. You can disconnect them from the console and the controller but NOT from EACH OTHER!
Quick delivery, I'll give them that, but after opening the product the 2 cables are what seem like Nintendo 64 extension cables and in no way shape or form fit my Gamecube controllers. Very Disappointed.
When I saw it said "2x" I thought it meant the length of the standard 6' remote was doubled, and only 1 6' cable would be included. It actually means 2 of the cables are included, making the Gamecube remote 18 FEET LONG. Far more than what I needed, but at least I know under no circumstances will the remote not be long enough.

Also, the cables function perfectly. Absolutely no problems. Highly recommended.
ok so it says 2x. i thought that meant that it was twice as long and ordered 4. it actually means 2 extenders. so i got 8 extenders. ROFL!!!!
This item far exceeded our expectations.  The cord length is far longer than we expected.  This will allow us to play the game cube games from the couch without having to pull the console out of the entertainment center.  The cords seem to be very good quality and I am very happy with this product.
bought this on amazon for 7 something $.  later found it was much cheaper elsewhere on amazon/ebay...
otherwise, good quality.
I always hated how Gamecube controller's cords were so ridiculously short. Since I use them on my Wii now, it is much more hazardous for my Wii if someone trips over the short cables. This was a perfect solution to my problems. So far I haven't had any problems with them and they allow me and my friends to not sit 6 ft away from the Wii. Another great thing about these is that you can plug them end on end to make a longer cable.
I chose this over a wireless controller because I don't have to worry about command delays. The standard controller cord isn't long enough to sit far back enough with larger televisions. Works perfect.
It allows us to not have to sit three feet from the TV and that is a great thing.  The less than perfect thing is we keep having to reseat the cable connections during game play when using the extra length.  We never have this problem when plugging our controllers directly into the game system.
They're awesome cables though!  They work great and add those several feet you always seem to lack.  Now I can play my Gamecube games on my Wii from the couch!  No batteries to change!
The chord is 6 feet long which should be long enough for most home theater/entertainment room setups.

Up until now we have been pulling the Wii out of the shelf it sits on and setting it on the floor so we can have it close enough for our GameCube controllers to reach.  With the chords we can now sit comfortably on our couches and not have to move the Wii anymore.

Wireless controllers are very expensive, and if you don't mind the long chord this is a very cheap and efficient alternative to buying wireless controllers.
I bought 2 sets of this product (so 4 cables total). I was not disappointed. They all work perfectly and they accomplished what I bought them for. I have 2 big screen TV's and the 2 rooms I use for these have couches that sit back a lot further than the standard gamecube controller cord would reach. Hook 1 of these extensions up to each controller and problem solved. I also like the length because I still had room to go back farther but this allowed each cord to rest on the ground so there is less of a tripping hazard for those people that never fail to walk in front of everyone and don't pay attention to the cords. They even work for Bongos so that is a nice feature to be able to move the bongos back as well for those games.
These are great cords to have for the Wii or Gamecube.  It's nice to be able to sit with your controllers nice and far away from the TV.
i bought the 2 x Wii Gamecube GC Extension Cable Cord  but after a few uses, it started working wrong, duplicating signals

if i press A in the controller, the game detects A being pressed two times, this is for all buttons,  without the cord the error is no longer there.
The package came with two extension cords that are about the length of the cords for the gamecube controllers. Overall I am satisfied with the product.
I purchased two sets because we needed these cables in a permanent installation to facilitate three side-by-side DDR dance pads in a projected image Wii setup.  They serve the purpose well, were reasonably priced, arrived quickly and seem to be good quality.  I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Cords were delivered promptly and worked exactly as they're supposed to.  I've had these for about a year now and have had no problems at all.
I ordered these items because we have a rather larger living room and the kids were getting excited so much they were pulling the Nintendo onto the floor. This was a great solution. Thanks
Came quick and works great for added length for Wii Hottest Dance party dance pads.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/2-x-Wii-Gamecube-GC-Extension-Cable-Cord/dp/9882155456/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">2 x Wii Gamecube GC Extension Cable Cord</a>

I bought the cord along with the Outdoor Sports Challenge for Wii.  I wasn't sure I would need it, but I knew the mat for this game was going to be about 15 feet from the TV, so I wanted to be safe.  Turns out I was right.  The cord for the mat was much too short to reach my TV.  The cord works great.  It plugs right into the side of the Wii.  Great buy for anyone using the Wii games with mats (including DDR).
Thanks to Amazon for carrying items that are no longer in stores!!! Fits into Game Boy Micro just as it should and charges fast.
I won a gameboy micro off ebay without a charger. This was exactly what I needed to get my new toy up an running.
This is obviosly a must have for anyone who has a GBM without a charger. I got my charger much earlier than I expected and it was in perfect condition. Great job
Mjck Online.
How do you rate a game charger? This wasn't a game, it was only a charger. My grandson was happy with it so I am happy with it. It only took a few days to get here.
I just ordered this supposed to be nintendo micro adapter and they sent me the one for a nintendon DS,I think this company is a complete rip off and will never order from them again and the adapter in the picture is for a nintendo DS not a nintendo gameboy Micro so this is false advertisment the pitures showing the product in action aren't even the same as the one in the main picture,I'm very disappointed!
well its not a game but i got what i was looking for and it works so 5 stars accross the board....I guess
Amazing great price product is new or like new
Only place I could find one defiantly worth it.
This was for my nephews Game Boy Micro for which he had lost the original plug. This one works just as well as the original.
I ordered this product and it came in on time in brand new condition. Best penny I ever spent.
My son is very happy that he can play his GameBoy Micro again. I am happy I finally found a charger after searching all the game stores in my city with no success. Thank you Amazon. Whew.
It works with no issues.
This is not the right cord for this game system.
Poor quality. Tried to charge my micro today and it wasn't working. Opened up charger to find cheap wiring broke.
Arrived just like the picture and worked perfectly.
OK
It was just as advertised.
This item is not as described. This does not fit a Game Boy Micro as described.
Exactly what i was looking for. Works flawlessly.
Works Very well. Charges fast and have been using it for a few months now no problem.
FINALLY able to charge my GbM , great service, works awesome
son liked
I bought this charger thinking it was the issue with my husbands game boy micro..turns out its been plugged in for the past week and does not work...the charge light comes on only for 1 second and then shuts off completley... I am unsure if it is the charger or the game piece itself.
It does exactly what I need it to do, and I'm very happy with it. Not much else to say.
Received a regular Micro USB charger, not intended for a Gameboy Micro.
As expected
A little expensive in my opinion, but it works good.
Title is misleading. This is a Micro USB charger for a Gameboy, not a Gameboy Micro charger. I had to return it because it would not work with my Gameboy Micro.
Not for Game Boy Micro.
Good back up charger
Works good. Not much to say it's a charger.
this charger is not for the game boy micro. this charger can be used for other devices like an android phone. I repeat this is not the game boy micro charger
Works great.
I recently left for college and left my charger at home, so was unable to charge my Gameboy, so I ordered this charger. Unfortunately Whenever I plug it into my Gameboy the charging light simply flashes orange. I know It's a problem with the charger seeing as I had just charged it without issue less than a month ago.
This is not a Game Boy Micro charger. When I looked at the photo, it looked mysteriously like a mini USB cable. But I thought maybe it's just a bad angle, and the listing does indeed say it's for the Game Boy Micro. Lo and behold, what I received was indeed a generic mini USB cable. I'm pretty sure all the good reviews here are fake because a mini USB cable will NOT work with a Game Boy Micro.
While everyone else is running around outside playing Pokemon Go and hunting down Pokemons in the brutal heat and humidity of the summer weather, I am enjoying being inside my house in the cool air conditioning playing Pokemon on my game boy! Tell me, who is the smarter one! The Game Boy Micro AC Wall Charger Micro Power Adapter is just what I need to keep my Pokemon game playing going strong. I had lost the original charger that came with the gameboy many years ago, so I was very happy that this was available to purchase as a replacement. It works perfectly and does a great job keeping my game boy fully charged so that I can be ready to play at any time!
Worked well
Great
Test your products before shipping them it can't charge my gameboy sp
Found my old game boy micro and this charger arrived quickly and works perfect.
Didn't work so Amazon refunded my money
The site said Gameboy Micro, all tracking and purchasing info said Micro, and even the label that was stuck to the box said gameboy micro but the box says for gameboy sp.  I'd recommend someone looking at the box before shipping.
Bought a Gameboy Micro here on Amazon. It didn't come with a charging cable. So in a pinch I ordered one of these. It was to my house within 48 hours and it works great!!! This product does not work with Gameboy Advance or Advance SP, or the Nintendo DS/DS Lite/3DS/2DS lines. This is specfically for the GBMicro
Really needed this, looks very cheap and fragile but gets the job done!
Got it in two days and works like it supposed to! Thanks
This unit is an excellent replacement for the stock charger. Only downside is the size of the wall wart. It's useless on a power strip unless it's the last plug on it.
works as intended
Does what is supposed to.
perfect!
Didnt fit machine as described
charges my micro just fine. take it with me most the time. worth getting if you have a micro
It works perfectly
We thought we ordered a Game Boy Advance SP charger and were disappointed that it was not the right one. We are in the process of returning it.
Arrived on time and undamaged. Good quality. Charges fine.
It does what it's supposed to do, charge a GBA Micro. Quality of materials is low and the plug to the GBA Micro is a tight fit but for $4 I wouldn't complain too much. If you need a new charger for your GBA Micro then this will get the job done.
When i found my micro i needed the charger quick, this was the answer to my problems.
The charger worked great for my game boy micro!
Worked perfectly and was delivered promptly
Good basic charger. I got a micro for free because they didn't know if it worked. I spliced some pins into the charger port to give the battery a charge and it worked just fine so I ordered this proper charger for it. No complaints!
Blew up as soon as i plugged it in the wall
Received wrong item
I ordered two of these and ended up getting a power cord for something else. The one in the picture it's black and I received two grey adapters that work for the DS.
Experience with product was great, item was just as described!
Not even the right adapter.
I ordered and expected a charger for a Gameboy Micro and I received a charger for something completely different.
Works just as imagined. Good quality charger.
Blew up in the first charge . Horrible quality, avoid like the plague!
Perfect
Not even what I wanted
Exactly what I needed
Didn't work at all smh
it charges the micro! what more could you want
Plugs into wall. Charges Game Boy Micro. Enough said.
The charger tore up, and wire came off.
The Power Adapter I received didn't work.
The thing feels cheap and empty with little weight to it like it's just a shell.
The product is not officially licensed and regardles inoperable. Try another seller.
It's a charger, it does what it needs to, that's all there is to say.
the product was not as described.
Works just as good as a Nintendo brand plug. No problems at all after using for a month.
Works great!
Works.
Lost my GameBoy Micro charger in a move and needed a new one without spending too much. Product worked as described for the Micro. Thank you!
Perfect
As advertised!
It worked perfectly! I recommend that everyone that owns a Game Boy Micro, and needs a charger, should get this item
I received the wrong charger. I purchased a charger for my Gameboy Micro but received a charger for a Gameboy Advance SP.
Great. Works
It works just fine with my Gameboy Micro.
I ordered this to replace my lost game boy micro charger, but instead it was a gameboy sp charger.
I haven't had a charger for micro in like 10 years but I got this arrived quick works fine
Works great!!!!!
Great and fast shipping
Good product. As it says in the announce
Gameboy Micros are hard to come by and being a proud owner of one I can say that this charges it with no problems. I am so glad I was able to find a charger that works.
just what we needed
DOES NOT FIT GAME BOY MICRO.  I was sent a Game Boy Advance Charger.  It's a miserably short cord so I guess that's where the "micro" comes in.  Thought I would use it for my GameBoy SP and it has already stopped working!!!!!!  DO NOT BUY!!!
Got this use for my Gameboy micro and it is a solid charger. Works well
Exactly what I wanted
I was looking for a replacement charger for the game boy micro and came across this one. It works great. It fits well and it charges.
This item didn't seem to charge my gameboy micro at all. sad times. :(
works great
Works to charge my micro. Great price.
was 3days late and was not new as described
glad to find a new plug for my gameboy micro! :D
It works
speedy delivery - exactly what we needed!
Works as described. Good condition. - charged device as required
Just as advertised, works great!
Perfect
Fits great and works
finally got both of them, good job.  they work great!
This charger did not work with either one of my son's game boy advance games. It was a generic charger that did not fit properly. I have it to my son fir his birthday to replace his lost cord. It was to late to return it. My son was very sad.
Fast delivery.  Now, I can play my nintendo micro. Thanks.
It came extremely fast and exactly as advertised. I lost my original charger years ago and decided it was time to finally get a new one and this is exactly what i needed when i needed it. Would definitely buy from here again if i lose mine again haha thank you c:
didnt work for my gameboy advanced sp
Doesn't work don't bother wasting your money 
Thank u
Awesome
Hey I can play pokemans again!
'Shipped quickly & although it mimics manufacturer specs, it is not an OEM charger
It was perfect !!! I've had the gameboy mirco for over 7 or 8 years now, & to wait this long without a charger was hard since i haven't played over the years. Get it, it works fine (:
It was in a bag that you could tell it was never used.  Perfect for what I needed.
worked perfectly.
It was great
Perfect!
It worked perfectly.
Needed this.  Awesome!
Just what I wanted,  works fantastic and arrived early
I could not find the Orinoco charger for my boys game boy. This charger works perfectly.
Worked great & for what i paid! Im satisfied & happy so it was good deal!
Awesome
It worked fine and still does. I needed one because I got my GBA micro in a trade and the kid didn't even have a wall charger so I realized that his broken car-charger wouldn't do. I need to get one online since they don't sell these at GameStop at all.
This product arrived fast and works perfect for the Micro GBA. Satisfied customer.
I purchased this despite mixed reviews in hopes that it would work. When I plug it into my micro, it briefly lights up but then immediately stops charging. The charger will not work with my other micro either. Very disappointed...
Finally get to play my gameboy. Haha thank you
Bought this for my wife, she love's it.
Charges the gameboy! What a wonderfully futuristic and awesome age we live in!
It's inexpensive, it works, not much else to say about it...
I thought it didn't work so I sent it back. Bought another and I think I've learned the problem lies in my GameBoy Micro :(
It didn't work. Do not buy
I have a Game Boy Micro which I've lost the charger for and ordered a new one; However, when I received the package it was the incorrect gaming unit charge pack. To say the least I was extremely disappointed.
Looking for a replacement? Buy this, it works. Have had it for about a year or more now and it hasn't let me down.
Thanks Gen for continuing to sell these chargers. I didn't think id find a good one. Works fine and charges that lenmar battery i got in good time.
The correct charger arrived, it is in perfect working condition and shows no amount of wear or damage on the unit.
This charger is constructed as well as one would expect for the price. I don't abuse my chargers, so I'm not worried.  Retractable prongs are a plus. Works well. I'd buy another if I needed it.
the charger is okay and works perfectly it is also the original nintendo one with the logo and everything !
Works great! The cord length is awesome too. It's as if they knew you would want to play it even as it charged, and not be hunched up on the floor next to the power outlet.
I've had my micro since it came out, and I haven't been able to use it in so long. This charger isn't a cheap 3rd party version. It's legit just like the one that came in the box. Kudos.
Thought this was for the regular Game Boy, so we had to return it.  I can't say if it worked or didn't, cuz it wasn't the right cord for a regular Game Boy.
Doesn't charge my gameboy micro. Waste of money. I knew it was cheap but it would be nice if it even atleast gave it a little power.
This product does NOT work. I have ordered it TWICE and neither adapter has worked. Do not waste you money.
It works.  For $6 i guess thats all you should expect.  It looks and feels cheep, and im sure i'll have to get another at some point, but for now it charges fine
Quick shipping, low price, exactly what I needed. Ive owned it for quite some time and have never once had a problem with this product.
They're cheap, and they adequately charge the GBA Micro.  They are not official chargers, and they seem to be a bit more flimsy-feeling than the official Nintendo product, but for the price I won't complain much.  Bought 3 of them and they all work.
Came pretty early, works exactly how it should no problems with the game boy or charger. I also like how the charger rotates so you can easily put it away.
Checked locally and could not find this charger.  Went to Amazon and was able to get it with no problem.  It works great and i can finally keep the Game Boy Micro charged at all times.
This charger works great. The price is pretty good, and it does exactly what it is supposed to do. No complaints.
It didn't even beggin to charge my micro. I bought it with little expectation, but still it should at least give it power. but not even that.
Seriously its a small adapter that charges a Micro Game boy. Yes it charged my Game boy fine, and that's all there is to this review.
I have no complaints about this charger. It works just as it should, so my Game Boy gets the juice it needs.
I have been meaning to buy a charger to my Gameboy Micro but never did. Then one time I ordered for a charger from a website that was not Amazon and I ended up getting a charger for a Nintendo DS. Then I tried again at Amazon and I got what I wanted.
Charger was perfect.came on time. Charges the gameboy great thought I wasn't going to find one but this one was it.wall charger and has good lenght
It was exactly what I wanted and it came in perfect condition, no flaws or anything. Thanks so very much!!
This adapter's wiring feels cheap but for around $6 you can't really expect everything to be top notch. It's done its job flawlessly for me so I don't really have any complaints. Although my package came damaged, it still worked without a problem. I would recommend this replacement adapter to a friend if they needed a new adapter for their GBA.
The Game Boy Micro I purchased already had a charger, so got a spare to boot!  If the Game Boy Micro mentioned that it comes with a charger, If the ad showed that it did not come with a charger, I would have ordered the charger the same time. But it does work with two AA batteries, so no harm.
works great! but this is the second one that i have had to buy, the other one broke at 3 months
Got one that was busted. They said I could send it back, but I would have had to pay to have it shipped back which costed more than the charger. Decided it wasn't worth it
It works.  Looks and performs just like the orignial charger that came with my Gameboy Micro.  Now my Son can enjoy the cool new video games that came out of an old dusty box in the garage from when I was a kid.  Definately recommend.
I ordered this charger on June 3, it was expected between June 10 & 13, but today is June 24 and I still have nor received it.
I bought this item from G Dreamer, and it arrived in a timely manner. However, when i plugged it in, it did not want to charge my gameboy micro. I tried messing with the plug to see if i had a bad connection, but still no luck with the plug. Over all this is a review for the quality of the plug sold by the seller G Dreamer, not the plugs sold by anyone else. Other sellers might have better products.
We lost our original charger in a move, and this is a great replacement. Would definitely recommend, it works great.
Great product for the gameboy micro.  Works great and looks great as well.  Arrived quickly.  I will definitely recommend this charger
they just don't make any chargers for this and are hard to find so this is just a life saver for me
It didn't charge my game boy micro up I left it on the charger for two days I wish it would have worked
Ok so first of all I ordered this because I lost my original AC adapter for my GBA Micro, at first I was worried a little because i saw some reviews about the product, that people had receive the wrong Ac adapter, they wanted a GBA Micro and they ended up getting a Nintendo DS ac adapter, well the picture of where they are selling this i must say is wrong but when I receive my product everything was perfect and it was a GBA Micro AC Adapter, it works fine, its not perfect but it does the job I am so happy with my product that I would recommend this to anyone who needs something like this
This charger worked great. No problems. Was hard to find and otherwise too expensive. very happy. Didn't take too long that I remember. This was a while ago.
This wall charger works perfectly fine and doesn't seem to have any issues. It seems to be even longer then the original charger that came with my gameboy.
Its a charger. Not name brand. But it worked. Would buy again if I needed to. Need four more words.
The charger works well. It fit perfectly and charges as it should. It still compact enough to store and carry along.
I bought an old game boy micro off the internet and ordered this charger separate. I worried it would not work, but it fully charged the unit within an hour. Great product!
Written on the charger was the input voltage - 110 - 265 V. When plugged in to 240V it immediately blew up - all that effort to have it wrongly labeled and last milliseconds - USELESS !!
when i ordered it i read the reviews and some people received a ds charger instead of the gameboy micro one. they do look alike. the first two pictures are the wrong charger for the micro but the last one with the 20th anniversary micro is real. luckily the one i got was real but be careful and read the description and their return and refund policy. if they don't refund or replace and and they pay for the shipping back then don't do it. if they care they'll pay for everything for your satisfaction. but i did get the right one and it worked well i've had it for more than a week and don't have problems. i bought it new From Hitgaming Video Games.
I had lost my original charger, so I got this one, and it works well. There's no flaws in its design or damage to it.
It does whats its suppose to do; keeps the gameboy micro charged and it still works.
Cant go wrong there.
What can I say it is a charger. Ordinary plain charger. It works, is as described. What more do you want to know?
The charger received was a US/Japanese-only 100v charger - it was not 100v-240v as advertised. I bought this for a friend in a 220v country, and he's going to have to get a voltage converter. So overseas buyers from 220v-240v countries beware.
It charges my Game Boy Micro fast and seems well built. Not much us else to say, except it works like a charm!
I bought this product thinking it was the charger for the regular gameboy, but it was not, it was for the mini...Didn't get to use it but it wouldn't be worth to return it.
The speed of charging is extremely fast, shipped earlier then expected, works without error! Note that if you do not see the blue charging light right away, your battery may just be 100% empty. Give it awhile and it will work!
Upon receiving my GBM charger, I immediately snapped the cable in half upon opening the package. Thankfully, this was easy to fix with just a little electrical tape and an exacto-knife. If any of you have the same problem, the repair process is easy. Simply cut back a bit of the outer wiring on the side without a red or black wire hanging out CAREFULLY. Once done, move one set of color wires out of the way and carefully place the other color, making sure they connect, on a small piece of electrical tape. Gently fold the tape over and PUSH down hard on the now covered wiring. Do the same with the other wires, making sure to keep them within their tape and away from the other color's. Once both are securely inside, Wrap up the snapped pieces in a third piece of tape to ensure they stay snug. THIS IS NOT A PERMANENT solution. In doing this, the cable should be cared for gently, due to it's fragile reconstruction. A more permanent solution would to be to solder the wires back together, and tape them up.
This product worked great, and I bought it for a great price. It came in the mail quickly, and it was in great condition when it got here. Thank you so much!
Basically i bought this after my friend geave me his micro since he had no games and it works like a charm
I got this game when it first came out. The gameplay and graphics were great at the time. Random taunts and insults were funny and still are. Claytalities were awesome, like sumo santa sits on your lap then farts you out. After all these years, I still think this is a  great game and good for some laughs. Looking back now, it could have been better.
This Is Eaiser Than the first one, but it's pretty fun i liked it. You get to play some original characters like, Bad Mister Frosty, Taffy, The Blob,  Bonker& Ickybodclay(My Favorite).

If You liked this game then check out, Clayfigter, C2: Judgement clay, Clay Fighter Extreme, Clayfighter 63 1/3: Sculptor's Cut, Clay Fighter: Tournament Edition.
I bought this game way back and recently played it again.. well..

the game was easy to beat when i was 6 and its still as easy.

Well, my problem(s)?

Not enough characters and its just not very fun and.. yeah that makes it boring.. but if ur a fan of the older games ( like me ) you may like this game ( unlike me )

It's cheap now so, I guess it wouldn't hurt to pick it up.. it costs as much cash as to rent a game at the videostore..

so do what you want with it.
Let's not mince words here: Clayfighter 63 1/3 is a poorly put-together game. The game had a lot of possibilities, but everything lacks polish. Characters are missing frames of animation, backgrounds look decent but unexceptional, and the fighting engine lacks the strategy of Street Fighter, the speed of Killer Instinct, or the playability of Mortal Kombat. In any normal world, this would be a one star game.

Except somewhere along the way, Clayfighter 63 1/3 is so bad that it actually becomes good. Character design is pretty good, and the special moves and taunts are hilarious. The game is playable - not in any way that it can compete with the above-mentioned games, but it still makes you want to come back for another round, if just to see all the things the characters can do. There's also a bit more value once you unlock the secret characters, though it's frustrating that there's no save function that keeps these character unlocked.

Certainly not worth full retail price, but the N64 is dead now so you should be able to snag this game for dirt cheap. Also be on the lookout for the Sculptor's Cut version: this was a Blockbuster-only release, but most were sold off as pre-played games. It contains a hilarious singing intro, 4 new characters, and other enhancements.
MK4 has nothing on this game! Its funny and Fun at the same time the characters rule, the gamplay is awesome,What more could you want? (other than decent graphics) Over all it kicks Clay!
This is one of my favorite games of all times. I like all of the players and how they're made out of clay right in front oof your eyes. If you like fighting games I think you will like this!
Although this game's graphics are not the best, it has a great selection and some of the characters are extremely funny.  A good example is Sumo Santa or Tayffy.  Sumo Santa punches and kicks with his stomach and and smacks opponents over the head with a candy cane.  Taffy always does spaz attacks and throws gumballs.  Although you probally will not like this game at first, you will like it once you get to know the character's moves and specialtys.  I'd say you defintaly get your moneys worth if you buy this game.  If you don't buy it, you should at least play it.
I have been a fan of the whole of the Clay Fighter series and i have to say that i am slightly disappointed with this one.  The graphics are okay, there are plenty of characters to choose from, but i think that it is far to easy and that the game had been rushed.  The price is excellent and i recommend to everyone that you get this as the price of this game won't be around for long.  If you want the best fighting game on the N64 then i wouldnt recommend this, but if you want some fun then this is the game for you
The Plot:  When the father of Callum Clockwise (aka Rascal) is kidnapped by the evil time lord Chronos, Rascal must follow them through six time zones, armed with only a bubble gun.
What's Good? All the reviews I have read about this game seemed to be negative. I actually liked `Rascal' a lot. Sure, the graphics and gameplay aren't the best and the character is hard to control, but I found it fun to play. There are eighteen different levels in six different worlds - Atlantis, Aztec, Wild West, Middle Ages and Pirate Ship. The Atlantis world has to be my favourite - its colourful and challenging and a superior to most of the other levels in terms of enjoyment and graphics.
What's bad? The character can be hard to control and the camera doesn't always keep up with you as you play. The game possibly won't have a very long lifespan either - I've played it twice now but probably won't again. Also, the battle levels against Chronos are basically the same but with different scenery and a few more missiles as you progress.
Gameplay: 2 - the character is hard to control and the camera doesn't always follow you as you play. Sound: 3 - the character just kinda says `Ouch!' and squeaks a lot, but the music on most of the levels in pretty good. Graphics: 3 - colourful and fun, but nothing spectacular. Enjoyment: 4 - Fun and easy to play, but the plot line isn't particularly interesting.
Recommendations: I think younger kids would like this game. The graphics aren't great, but the game is bright and colourful and fairly easy to play. If you liked this game, I would recommend "Crash Bandicoot", which is similar but much better, and "Croc, Legend of the Gobbos" which is another fun, easy game for younger kids.
Overall Rating: This game is awarded three stars overall. Three, because the four stars go to games that are either visually superior or just easier or more fun to play, and the five star rating is reserved only for my beloved Final Fantasy VIII game.
This game is bad because it's hard to control the character and you never get to the end.  After a hour of surching you find the monsters and can't beat them.  After a while, you die.  I don't recamend this game to anyone.  I've had this game for a year and only played it three times.
This game is about the wost game I have ever played. I have played bad games before but this is definently the worst. the graphics are bad , The game is confusing , and is very BORING. some suggestions buy Tony Hawks Pro Skater , Nascar 98 ,99,  00 , and Rumble are some very cool games.
I liked this game alot, it's challenging and it took me awhile to beat (longer than most other games). I do recommend buying the strategy guide because it's easy to miss alot. Anyways if you like the original Myst you'll love this. Great graphics, only flaws was there was a glitch here and there but nothing major.
The Playstation version of Riven is definantly not as good as the PC version, but it still adds up to be a great experience. Solid gameplay, crips graphics, and top-notch sound. But still falls short in some areas. Disc changing can get very tedious. That's one reason why I recommend the DVD version for the pc. But it's no doubt this game will suck you in and keep you sucked for a long time. Get ready to experience a whole new world.
We were really looking forward to this sequil, after having so thoroughly enjoyed Myst.  We were not disappointed.  The kids are enjoying it now.
this game was a giant step up from myst.  myst was great and all but riven was 5 times harder and more complex.  it took my sister and i a while to beat.  but it was worth it.  we did it all using only 2 small hints from the book and one, at the very end, made me feel really stupid that i hadnt thought of it before.  the graphics are great and the story relates back to myst a little bit.  some things like journals and such are still here and even though its a bit of a pain to read it all, its worth it.  there were actually a few people and that was cool.  the puzzles were great.  not impossible but some were close.  it kept me busy for a while.  but it was hard not to keep playing all night.  it was frustratingand intriging at the same time.  i highly recommend it.  switching disks got annoying after a while but the rides were cool the first time through.  id just turn out the lights and end up swaying with the movements.  it just sort of took me into its world, even more so than myst.  this was my favorite after playing all three.  though exile was good too, it was a lot easier than riven and a lot shorter, dealing more with the graphics and story and video than the actual puzzles and fun.  not to sayy that riven didn't do that.  the puzzles just seemed to be better.  and if you ever got stuck on one place, you could take a break from it and try to solve the puzzles on a different island.  overall, a great game.  id buy it again.  replay value isn't that great since you remember exactly what to do the 2nd time through because it took you so long the first time.  but im keeping it and ill replay it in another year or so when ive forgotten it.  it keeps the mind sharp and the senses acute.  watch out for those little subtle clues!
This is the game you M (Y) S T  try! I can tell you one thing,if you like beatiful landscapes and mystiqe music,this game will
N O T  let you down!!! I haven`t Counted all the hours I`ve played this game,and I`m still not finished..!So,do I need to say more..?
First if you are a myst fan then Riven is a must-have. Riven the sequel to myst easily lives up to its name. The graphics are magnificiant for playstation although it may be sticky at times.
Riven is a thinking puzzling game if you like to be confused to the point you don't know what to do then it hits you and you know what you have to do this was made for you. Riven is a five disk game and its length mainly depends on how fast you can put things together, so don't be intimidated by the 5 disks. Althought Riven is the sequel to myst you can play it without playin myst first. I would suggest playing Myst first thought to learn the storyline. But if you haven't played Myst, Riven is still a game that is worth having.
See if you can solve the puzzle......
this game looks great on all the trailers i found, and even though i never had a chance to bye or play it, i recon ill always search for where to get it.
This game ruled at first, untill you had to translate the numbers. If you are failing in math then don't bother. The number system was incredibly hard to learn. That is what brings Riven down to 3. If it didn't have it's own number system i would rate it "4" because the puzzles seemed to repeat themselves. and the ending wasn't what i was hoping for.
Back in 1993, a little game called Myst appeared. Everyone went crazy for  it -- it featured amazing graphics, addicting search and explore gameplay,  and it was actually educational. A main part of the game was reading, so it  figures that many parents were so supportive of it. It was also, though,  terribly spooky at times. You could be anywhere in the world of Myst and  still feel a general sense of... well, spookiness.
But Myst was in 1993  -- and even though it held well throughout several years (which is  amazingly good), it started to be noticed more as a classic than current  technology.
So how well can "Riven: The Sequel To Myst" hold up  against "current technology" and the original classic? By simply  making the adventure more intresting, more long, and with more  "spookiness" -- an original Myst-cliche that adds drama to the  game.
"Riven" is even more rewarding than "Myst" so  much to the fact that it is sometimes speechless. There's five CDs to the  game -- that's clearly enough for anyone to buy this game. Even as it  starts out, you better look for clues. The developers made it so that if  you do not look for enough information, you could go from one disc to  another in less than 20 minutes.
The graphics, while nice, aren't the  best in the world. Even the control (using the Playstation controller) is  sometimes sticky. But believe me, you'll get used to it.
It's definetly  worth a buy from any fans of the "Myst" era.
Games a bit slow, music/sound effect was great, but the animation was X-cellent!!!:)  Psylocke is the best character of them all!!!:)
Marvel Superheroes was another game that came out of the post-Street Fighter 2 blaze of glory days from Capcom.  It came out near the same time as the Darkstalkers series and the Street Fighter Alpha series, and not surprisingly, there are a number of similarities between all those games, especially in terms of graphics.

This game plays like a slightly hyper version of Street Fighter with a few twists.  The wahoo-super jumps allowed to you go a good 50 scale feet up in the air and do all kinds of stuff while up there, and the super moves were similar to those in Street Fighter Alpha, although graphically more flashy.  The game came included with a number of "gems" you could collect and activate during the game for minor bonuses.

The fun part, though, was simply being able to pick Marvel characters (as they appeared in the mid-90s anyway; as they kept using those sprites for years and years they started looking more and more dated) in a good fighting game.

The game comes with a few unfortunate minor nitpicks.  1) A the follow-up to X-men: Children of the Atom, the roster was surprisingly sparse.  Only four characters return from X-men, two characters are bosses (Dr. Doom and Thanos), two characters are really quite obscure (Blackheart and Shuma-Gorath) and that means that really only a handful of new characters are added to the game: Spider-man, Hulk, Captain America and Iron Man.  A broader selection of characters would have been nice.  If we had all the Marvel characters that were later to feature in Marvel vs. Capcom 2, that would have been *WONDERFUL*.  2) The Playstation struggles with ports of these types of games, really.  This one isn't bad, but there are some notable slowdowns while playing.  Some animation frames are missing too, but you've gotta be looking pretty hard to spot those, for the most part.
This is a great beat-em-up with a fun twist on the usual engine; this being that your new super-powers and infinity gems!

The characters are selected from the most fighter-friendly gallery of Marvel, this including the little mentioned Blackheart, and the overly mentioned Spider-Man.

Also fun, is that in this game you can fly (certain characters) or at least jump high enough to make your enemies dizzy. Infact, ariel combat is probably the best part of this game; especially after watching movies like Hero or Advent Children.

The characters are suprisingly well-balanced, and fun (even Captain America, whom I'm going to hack to become "Comrade Canada" at some point, once he no longer amuses me...) And the gameplay is a good precurser to the Smash-Bros style fighter.

Infact, the game reminds me a lot of Smash Bros.

Infact, if you could throw people off-screen, I'd say it WAS Smash Bros, with Marvel chars.

Hmm.

Until next time:

Justice Prevaiils!
Ironman, Doctor Doom and Magneto, in one game, all 3 playable(doom you need a code for, but still), both awesome.

sure, this option is also availabe in the newest installment to the X-Men Legends series(Magneto and Ironman).  but in order to get Tony Stark you have to make it four fifths of the way through the game until you can play as him.

this game is, without a doubt, a classic among the 2D fighters.  even up there with the first two Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter II.

why they bothered with Psylocke, i'll never know.  they could have put, say, Sabretooth in...or even Thor.
i've played all the capcom maevel games and this is the best the hulk is actually green .not pink or grey but green like he is suposed to be.the rounds go fast
I still remember when I first bought this game back in 1997.  It was when I first got my PS and I wasn't disappointed.
The graphics were pretty crisp and clear and it had a nice little selection of playable characters including Spiderman, Iron Man, The Hulk, Psylocke, Wolverine and others.  For those who played Marvel vs. Capcom 2 before this one, the movement may feel a little slow to you.  However, this was the first of the Marvel vs. Capcom style games so don't expect it to be as good as MVC2.
The default controls for this game are the easiest to work with of any of the Marvel titles.  You'll find it easy to learn and it fits the PS controller perfectly.  Air combos can be pulled off easily but it may take a while for some to learn how to do them.
On this game you'll find that the characters hyper combos are much more powerful than they are on MVC2.  However, since this was the first of these type of fighter games, the characters have less moves to execute.  The thing that really separates this game from all of the others is the Gems.  There are 6 Gems that you may use during battle and different ones have different effects on certain characters.  For example when Juggernaut uses the space gem, he turns silver and gains super armor.  When Psylocke uses the Power gems she creates 3 copies of herself so then it's like fighting 3 of them at once.  The final boss on this game is Thanos.  He's better than the boss on the other Marvel titles because he's actually a challenge.  He automatically starts the match with all 6 gems and he also has 6 different hyper combos he can do with each gem.  Also this game actually has endings for the characters and the music is superior to all of the other titles except for Marvel vs. Street Fighter.
I recommend you buy this game if you can find it for a reasonable price.  You won't be disappointed.  It may seem outdated for those who played MVC2 before playing this but it's still enjoyable.
Don't you remember the times about 7 or so years ago before the vs. games like X-Men Vs. Street Fighter or Marvel Super Heroes Vs. Street Fighter were out, when you were at your local mall's arcade room, and you spent so much time and needed money on this one game everyone was lining up to play, you kept winning and no one could beat you, you had a blast and you ruled the arcade, you used the Amazing Spider-Man, or Good Ol' Stars and Stripes himself, Captain America, and maybe a little Incredible Hulk was throw in just to show off your skills with multiple players, and you used the Infamouse Yellow, Blue, Green, and all other Gems you could get your hands on to build Speed, Strength, Power, Defence and pretty much eveything else with your character! Well I do, and I was so stoked when it came out, and now you can bring those great feelings back with the PSX Version of this classic fighter from Capcom!

Gameplay: Almost arcade perfect with minimal slowdowns, barely noticeable, and you can still pull off everything in here that was possible in the arcade version.

Sound: Perfect, unmuffled voices that match perfectly to all characters, and music is still here(and still rules)with no remixes(Thank God)! Music plays just like you would hear it in the arcade!

Graphics: Great considering the Ram limitations of the PSX(like that was a problem for this game in the 1st place), and they were done with POLYGONS, yes, POLYGONS!

Characters: You get a line up of the following characters:
1. Spider-Man (My favorite! "Maximum Spider!")

2. Captain America ("Justice Will Prevail")

3. The Incredible Hulk (What's to say, he's a "Monster" hahahahahaha...sorry.)

4. Magneto (He rules and can pull off great combos!)

5. Wolverine (The cheap one)

6. Juggernaut (He's huge and probably deals more damage than anyone!)

7. Iron Man (With the Infamouse "Proton Cannon!")

8. Blackheart (A good and Cheep caharacter, but not as much as Wolvie.)

9. Psylocke (One of my favorite X-men, and overall choice over Wolvie, to bad Gambit wasn't included.)

10. Shuma-Gorath (Not used by me, but still deals damage needed to prevail in this game.)

Over-All: If I could, a 9.3/10.0, but I can't, so 4 out of 5, the reason being, could have been one point better if it weren't for the PSX limitations, but man, that definetly didn't stop me from getting it AT ALL! GET IT IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT!!

Thank's to Amazon.com for posting this review and YOU for reading it!
I bought this game and I thought this game was so cool.  The characters are so detailed and the selection is not bad.  It has everyone that is mostly liked.  Captain America is the best in the Marvel Universe and in this game.
Marvel Super Heroes, Capcom and Marvel's 1995 follow-up to 1994's X-men: Children of the Atom, is basically another clone of their groundbreaking Street Fighter II fighting engine.  Overall a bunch of elements come together with this game to make a fun and enjoyable "beat `em up" game.
THE FIGHTING ENGINE:
Again, this is basically another "Street Fighter" clone, with different characters, etc.  The reliable Street Fighter engine, while repetitive is still fun.  The game level difficulty is "just right."  It's easy to beat the game but still SOMEWHAT challenging but at the same time not difficult to the point where it frustrates.  Like a good Street Fighter clone, combatants can duke it out as well toss a fireballs and beams and other assorted weapons at each other.
THE STORY:
Marvel Super Heroes' game storyline is roughly based upon the Marvel Comics "Infinity Gems/Infinity War" storyline where 10 of Earth's greatest heroes (and villains) seek to recover (or steal) the all-powerful Infinity Gems from the Evil Thanos of Titan, who is bent on destroying the universe with their power.
THE FIGHTERS:
You can choose from these following Marvel Super Heroes (and Villains):
1. Wolverine (of X-men fame)
2. Spider-Man (of Spider-Man fame)
3. The Incredible Hulk (of Hulk fame)
4. Captain America (of Avengers fame)
5. Iron Man (ditto)
6. Psylocke (from X-men)
7. Shuma-Gorath (noted Marvel Universe villain)
8. Blackheart (ditto)
9. Juggernaut (of X-men fame)
10. Magneto (ditto)
GAME MODES:
This is a straight-forward game with two modes:  Arcade (you vs. the computer for 8 battles) and Vs. (you vs. a friend).
WHAT SETS THIS GAME APART:
The one thing that DOES set this game apart from its "Street Fighter" clone brethren is the integration of the Infinity Gems into actual game play.  Through each fight stage (8 altogether) your character fights to recover a single Infinity Gem from each opponent.  The gems can be used in each fight to "power-up" your fighter.
THE VERDICT:
Overall, though this game is dated, it is still quite fun.  If you're into Marvel comics you'll enjoy the storyline as well as the action of the game.  The Marvel/Capcom line did evolve from here with 4 other releases (with more on the way) including:  X-men vs. Street Fighter, Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter and the Marvel vs. Capcom series of games.
In all though, this game is still worth the playtime.
Highly Recommended
If you're a die-hard fan of the megaman games...well...then you probably already own this one. You would probably say that this is a mighty-fine game too. Legends is an entirely new story line but has plenty of refferences to the old games to keep fans satisfied. If you've never played it, I highly recamend you pick up a copy.
i don't think this game is great its okay for a regular game but it doesnt meet the expectations you would think mega man deserved. The graphics aren't amazing but okay as far as the 3d goes but the textures are terible. The game play isn't that bad its just not worth the money. This game is almost as good as the regular megaman series but its not as good as the mega man x series. this game is good for ages 7 - 12 but if your a teenager or adult get one of the mega man x games.
Mega man legends is a cool game. I love Mega Man. He is the coolest. I have some of his games(Mega Man 2,3,5,6 for the NES). If you like Mega Man to I'd like to talk to you by e-mail...
The game is okay at the beginning, but as it progressess it gets more and more boring and you get lost in the  ruins. The bosses are kind of cheesy themselves. Plus the graffics aren't that great. But then again its just my opinion.
Mega Man Legends is a great new series for mega man.  The story takes him to an island searching for energy crystals on his dig adventures.  Game play is fun and easy to learn.  The game has plenty of secret goodies for you too discovery adding hours of replay value.  easy and fun to play but not easy enough that you'll only spend oh...one week or so one it.  Loads of fun a most have for hardcore mega man and new mega man fans of all ages!!!
Forsaken 64 is one of those games that you never heard of and play it anyways and you find it to be an awesome game. The single-player is intense and the multiplayer is crazier than that. The game itself has six-degrees of freedom so you can shoot upside-down, sideways, etc. The single-player has tons of missions and you will not get through it in one setting. I never actually figured out how to save the game, but I will figure it out eventually. The multiplayer you can either play with bots or with your friends. The game supports 4-player multiplayer, even thought sadly I've only played it with only one other person. The multiplayer game is like a deadlier version of hide and seek because the maps are so big. One thing I like about playing it with bots is being able to play it splitscreen so it's like there are 3 other people in the room with you. Overall, the game is great and is a definite buy for every N64 fan!
Great service, great shipping speed, great game, what else can i say..... I will buy from LUKIE GAMES again!!!  5-STARS all the way......  "This May Be The Only Company I Buy From!"  Thanks!!!!!!!!
Great game, lots of fun, but becomes redundant after you make it through the first half.
This game was a blast! At least 7 years ago for me. But I have fond memories of it, and enjoyed playing it with friends. That's all I have to say about that.
very boring game.  The graphics are the average 64 graphics that many 64 games had at the time.  Very dull textures.  Even though this game has a neat aspect of movement in every direction, it still lacks fun gameplay.  The music is very annoying and i have heard better on the SNES system quality wise.  I don't reccomend this game even if you are a collector.
I think after buying this, my wallet is Forsaken... I am Mistaken that this game is what I bought, it came in a box called Forsaken, I played this game about 3 times before giving it up cause I couldn't control the characters or understand the plot line.  I know that I have skills... but this game made me look stupid.  Cut your losses and buy something else like Quake II... now that rocks.
It is very stupid!  It is confusing,And instead of moving around with the Joystick,you move with the A button!  It is SO sensitive,that by the time you get your cross hairs for your Plasma Blaster thing on the enemy,The robot enemy had already got about 10 hits on you!  If you are into Mutiplayers,don't buy this either!  Me and my dad played Multiplayer and after 5 minutes we still couldn't find each other(Because of no radar) so we got bored of it and turned it off.  The enemies blend in with the dark backround too,so you can't see them.  Do NOT(!!!!) buy this game!
I got this game at a great price and couldn't pass it up.  At first it was kind of fun, but after a while I noticed that I wasn't feeling too hot.  Something about the 3D motion in this game makes me nauseated.  It's plenty difficult and the multiplayer is pretty fun, but this game is not for the squeamish.
For one of the first games released on the N64, this game is a keeper.  While it's single player is short lived, it's multiplayer is only beaten by  a few games.  Worth a check!
One of a kind game, a classic by kenji himself
Exactly what I wanted for a good price
It didn't work. Fans wouldn't load pass the start page
husband loves it so I love it too
great game
the game i got was like brand new in perfect condition clean no damage what so ever on game and manual and the case. it was packaged very well. shipped very fast . the personalized thank you note was a really nice touch. i will buy from this store again in the future.
Game works great, amazing story that brings back childhood memories, i love it!!! Awesome game to have that is old school.
Looking anywhere else people will charge more than $80 for an old wonderful game like this. Classic games like these are hard to come by, wish I had traded in LESS of my games when I was young.
Megaman legends is capcoms answer to bringing Megaman into the 3d realm on the original playstation. However this game is extremly diffrent then any other megaman game out there. In fact it has a lot in common with zelda: ocarina of time and a few rpg elements such as final fantasy while still somewhat feeling like a Megaman game. Coming from the NES and SNES Megamans I never thought I would ever compare zelda and megaman together but surprisingly it works well. Its not the greatest  game or even the greatest megaman game ever but it is really fun in its own way.

Most people do not like the graphics in this game but i think there done really well. The only problem graghicly is due to the early psx hardware most 3d games looked blocky and pixely at the time and this on tries to smooth things out kinda cel shadish but not quite this leads to some blockeness but its still better then most 1998 and before graphics. Kinda a 3d playable anime style to it. The sound isn't to bad in this game. Voice acting can be really good or painfully bad andThe music is catchy maybe not as much as the nes megamans but still good. However there is moments without any music. Technically speaking I would say the game has aged well.

The thing I find most memorable about this game is the gameplay. Like I mentioned earlier this game takes megaman into zelda like enviorments with a few rpgs elements. There is a open world which was decent in size for its time, which the game takes place in a small town. There are dungeons to explore which you do so in order to find upgrades to your equipment. Speaking of which you can purchase and find diffrent armor and weopens with diffrent specs (attack, fire rate, etc) in a rpg like menu. With that being said it still manages to feel like a megaman game. There is plenty of missions of which you are running and gunning while jumping on platforms. The bosses while set up like zelda can be taken down easier by weopens you find around in dungeons.

As for the story it isn't to bad. It is a little childish but its still pretty good. The characters while the voice acting can be off at times can be good are very memorable. Tron Bonne makes her debut here as a villian who became popular enough to get her own game misadventures of tron bonne and a apperance in marvel vs. capcom 2 and appearing without megaman in the 3rd. There is also a N64 port of this game which isn't as good but if you don't have a psx its still playable plus a sequel. Anyway while the hardcore 8bit megaman players may be turned off by this i would still recomend getting this game
Well as far as the person who sold this to me goes, the game came as described and in a well timed manner and I would shop here again.  However, the game itself is just not as fun as I remembered.
Amazing classic always be held one of the greatest of all times legendary ps classic ranking with ff7 if you haven't played either Mml games you are missing out
While it is not the same as your classic style Mega Man game, Legends is still pretty good. It has its fair share of easy and tough bosses along with some fun extras and easter eggs.
best mega man game to date. ashame that they canceled the third installment of the megaman legends franchise. stupid capcom
Good game overall. Its fun and easy but rewarding. The voice overs are so cheesy that its actually funny and enjoyable to listen too. If you have not played this game yet and you enjoy mega man get this game.
Had many memories with this game. For used quality, it's good and came with the case and everything, packaged nicely. Thanks!
I grew up playing this game. It was one of my first PS1 games and I played so much and watched my brother play it. Having this game back means a lot to me. Now if only they'll make the 3rd.
I love this series of mega man. I had this version before but I think I lost it or traded it with a friend for the second one. So I wanted to play it through again. The seller who I bought this from marketed it as an "original black label" which was bogus. It came with one they printed out and not the original slip in paper but regardless, the game was in the condition seller labeled it as and the game works perfectly. Love it.
This personally is one of the best ps1 games out there to own I will play this over and over again Great game BTW !
I bought this game because I loved all the old childhood games I used to play when I was little and this was a great buy got it on time and in great condition and I was not disappointed one bit
I remember playing this when I was 12. The story was great and I played it through more times than I can remember.
I am very satisfied with the product, it came in a good time and the customer service provided was great.
Mega man legends is by far one of my favorite games out there. Even though time has shown that the graphics have gotten better and the same with controls. I still think this game rivals most of my 360 and PS3 games today interms of story. Mega man has never been better.
All the males under 30 in my house were thrilled when my youngest opened this at Christmas. It's old school and they loved it.
This is one of my all-time favorites of the series, and I think anyone who loves the "Blue Bomber" should give it a try!
Legends is one of the rare Megaman releases that takes place in a 3D world as opposed to the traditional 2D side scroller most MM fans are familiar with. Both Legends and Legends 2 are among some of the best made story driven 3D adventure games the PSX has in its massive and sometimes daunting library.
I've had this game since 1999. By far my fav game. Needed a new one as the original disk is getting old. Perfect quality. Brand new. Thanks!! :) so nostalgic.
If you're looking for a good action game then you need to consider this one. Movement and camera work takes a little getting used to (it is an early PS1 game after all) but everything else about the game just reeks of charm and silly fun. From the wealth of new weapons to create and upgrade to the bumbling pirate family the Bonnes, you won't be sorry with this game.
I will never forget the first time I played this game. A friend of mine had been talking about it for months when I was finally able to borrow a PlayStation and rent a copy of this game. It is really a fun Action RPG with elements of Mega Man, Indiana Jones, and Zelda.
I love this game and the Fact that Capcom decided to make a Mega man game in 3D. The characters are alittle different but the game is so interesting and fun I sure don't care! Crazy Fun definately worth 99$ so suck it up Mega man fans. Dueces!
This was my first action RPG and its the best basically if your an older player like me, 23, may not hold up  graphically today but it is a very fun and expansive game for its time.
I remember when this was first released.  I rented it but didn't understand it.  Now I completely know what it's all about. great memories
I got it on the specified ship date, while the game was severely scratched, more so than I would've assumed was implied in the description, it does in fact work as promised, great, honest seller, would recommend.
In the age of console progression from 2D graphics to a 3D world, so many developers and game series had trouble adapting to the drastic changes that took place - scenery required more in-depth thought than simple textures and scrolling backgrounds, and on a metaphorical level the character that a player controlled was no longer as detached emotionally; with the advent of 3D movement came a closer "bond" between the gamer and his character, a feeling that you weren't just controlling a protagonist, but working WITH him to accomplish what was done. In that respect, few companies truly managed to capture that essence in the games that graced consoles such as the Playstation (although many, such as Final Fantasy, more than proved their worth in storyline alone).

Not so with Megaman Legends.

Normally one would be worried about the substantial track that Legends takes off the main path compared to the other series - Megaman "Rock" Volnutt's origins are far from related to the events of the original series, he doesn't ever obtain the ability to copy an enemy's powers (although this is made up for with a large list of Special Weapons), and even "Wily" is reduced to an octogenarian boat shop owner. Yet it is precisely this fact that makes the game so enjoyable to both veterans and new players; the former will find within the game's content the same "Blue Boy" persona they've known, albeit with even more backstory and characterization, and the latter can jump into this game without needing to worry about prior knowledge or information.

The story, although relatively quick and straightforward, is still consistent enough in its endeavors that it's hard to find a reason to be bored - when you're not chasing down henchmen of the pirates as they storm the city's center, you're likely to be facing off against some giant Reaverbot or even simply exploring the eerie, isolated Sub-Ruins that dominate the island. And, oh, does the scenery attribute to this - no matter where you happen to go the environment and its sound effects are sure to match your situation beautifully. In the city, peppy uptown music jingles as polygonal cars drive the streets; in the underground ruins, the music changes to a solemn and eerily 'lacking' tune with only the occasional clank or grind, allowing you to focus entirely on the soft sounds of Reaverbot movements coming from all directions - it is the little details like this that help make the experience so memorable (if you don't believe me, try exploring the Clozer Woods Ruins alone in a dark room at night).

Megaman's primary weapon is of course his famous Buster gun, but the game goes about improving it in a rather interesting manner: Buster Parts. Rather than simply obtaining permanent upgrades over the course of the game, Megaman can instead collect a large variety of different attachments that increase the power of his shots, how rapidly he fires them, how far they can reach, or how many he can shoot before he must "pause" briefly to recharge, or any combination of the four. Thus, the player is invited to create and edit their own "build" to suit their needs based on the situation. Is the enemy close up but taking too long to defeat? Sacrifice some range to buff up your attack. Or perhaps they're just out of reach? Take away a little bit of your firing capacity to stretch out the range that little bit farther. The fact that there's no combination that provides a max-out of every stat (save for a particular item on Easy Mode) means that the necessity for these kind of choices is always apparent, and this further encourages experimentation and practice in a game that already involves the player so much.

However, Megaman also has some support in his efforts against the Reaverbots, in the form of Special Weapons. Ranging from explosive mines to homing missiles (and even a laser!), the options our blue-clad hero has to choose from to accompany him on his adventures remain as variable as ever. However, there is an important catch - he has to find them first. Each of the Special Weapons must either be obtained through a storyline event or by combining several different pieces together, most of which are found only through exploring the extensive caverns of the Sub-Ruins. Yet even after finally acquiring these instruments of power, there's still more that can be done - each Special Weapon has its own set of areas that can be powered up (such as attack power, ammo amount, or even a special ability). While these improvements can range from cheap to wholly expensive in cost (and thus might illicit in some a feeling of boredom from repetition of money farming), these improvements are entirely optional and absolutely none of them are required in order to finish the story, meaning the amount of time spent on them is left completely up to the player.

Perhaps what is by far the most appreciated aspect of this game, and most certainly appreciated by myself, however, is the voice acting. In a time where very few console games provided a substantial amount of voiceover work and even fewer did so WELL, Megaman Legends stands as a huge testament to just how much a great performance can enhance a character or the game experience overall. I can guarantee you any person who has played Megaman Legends beyond the first hour of gameplay will recall one or more lines spoken by the infamous Bonne family, from Tiesel's "I TOLD you....CLOSE the HATCH!!!" to Tron's infamous "It's a dog!" scene, or even just the adorable piping voices of the many Servbots. This is not limited to antagonists, however; Megaman himself is graced with one of the most fitting voices I have ever heard for his personality, and the Casket family themselves are far from monotonous. Yet despite all this character, the actual vocal performance is so spot-on that it's hard to not find yourself growing attached to both good and bad guy alike; lines are so well delivered and emotion so well conveyed, and both occur so often, that the game jumps to life long before the timeline of events becomes intense, and the clearer audio quality provided by the Playstation version of the game (which was lowered down for the port to the Nintendo 64) means that you get to hear these conversations in strikingly clear fashion.

If you are simply looking to kill some time and relax, this game can provide that - videos and evidence exist of players breezing through the game's story in anywhere from 1 to 3 hours (depending on difficulty level), and Easy mode, once unlocked, is literally the definition of "an absolute blast" for those who aren't looking to work too hard. If you want to spend longer, however, the Legends can provide that too - between the numerous sidequests and the SUBSTANTIAL number of upgrades one can make to the Special Weapons (only after you find the parts to make them, of course!), one could quite possibly spend more time on the sub-events than they do on the actual story - and yet, it is all still so immersive.

If you are already the owner of this unique and memorable installment in the Megaman timeline, I hope that you continue to enjoy its nuances even if it's a been a long time since you played it. If you're new to the series or haven't played this game, however, I honestly implore you to pick up a controller and give this a try. Though one can fully admit there are games out there with more intense fights and gameplay than what Legends presents, few can match the sheer memorability and ingenuity that surrounds so many aspects of this work from Capcom. Whether a Christmas present for a nostalgic or a blast from the past for yourself, Megaman Legends can really do nothing but good for the individual who allows the island of Kattelox to come into their life; though the light from Volnutt's Buster wasn't around for very long, it continues to shine in the hearts of so many still today.
This game is amazing and anyone that calls themselves a megaman fan should most definitly buy it. It takes a very different approach to gameplay in comparison to the original megaman and megaman X games. It is more of a adventure/RPG type game somewhat similar to the setup of Nintendos Zelda games. In my opinion out of all the megaman games this one has the best story line, probably due to its humorous tenacity. This game is rather childish however, and I would not suggest that anyone who can't block this out should buy it.
I already own this game but it's in terrible condition. This is due to me lending it out, which is something I certainly don't do anymore. My favorite Megaman game period, along with 2, I had to get it again. And I have no regrets. Besides, I have 2 copies of the game now: One with only case and disc that have seen their better days and a newer complete copy that reminds me of my original copy in its prime.
Megaman Legends
This is my undisputed favorite game of all time. I bought it in 1998 or so because I had played and loved&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mega-Man-3/dp/B00004SVS5/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mega Man 3</a>&nbsp;for the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nintendo-NES-System-Video-Game-Console/dp/B00004SVYQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nintendo NES System - Video Game Console</a>&nbsp;when I was young. This game was nothing like that game or any other Megaman games. It was in 3-D and had a story that would blow your mind. I have played through this game around 50 times and no every single part of it by heart.

Graphics- 7/10
The transition to 3-D for Megaman isn't an ugly one, but a decent one. Most of the trees have a 2-D look to them and a lot of characters are blocky. Still, you can tell what everything is easily and there is no slowdown at all. Not to mention, there is hardly any load time to wait through in this game.

Story- 10/10
You are Megaman Volnutt. Roll Casket and her Grandpa, Barrel Casket, have raised you since they found you when you were a child. Following Barrel's footsteps, Megaman and Roll become Diggers. Diggers are people who search through ruins, infested with Reaverbots, to find parts and other things. The main thing a lot of Diggers are looking for are Refractors, which are extremely powerful crystal-like objects that power society. The world is almost entirely ocean so people must use flying machines or boats to get around. Megaman, Roll, and Barrel crash-land their flying ship, The Flutter, on an island called Kattelox. You go on to discover the island's many secrets and fight off the treasure hungry pirates.

Sound- 7/10
The music and sound effects in this game are decent. Nothing will blow your mind away but nothing will annoy you to death. Some tunes even become catchy, like the Apple Market tune.

Gameplay- 10/10
You play as Megaman: exploring ruins, fighting pirates, and just helping people out. There are a lot of side quests you can do. You can join a secret gang, fill a museum with underground arts, help a little girl recover, play in game shows, and so much more. The main storyline has you exploring the Sub-Gate ruins in hopes to learn more about the Island's great treasure, or disaster. While in Sub-Gates you can find all kinds of items to do things with. It's not just in the Sub-Gates either; you can search in other digging sites for parts. You have a primary weapon called a Buster Gun, which can be upgraded with 2 buster parts initially. These buster parts can be bought or found and change different aspects of your Buster Gun's shooting. You have a secondary special weapon that can be equipped and upgraded as well. You will get many different special weapons in the game and one of the most fun parts of the game is upgraded your weapons to perfect ability.

Difficulty- 4/10 (Note- This is how much I like the difficulty)
Since this game is more story based, the difficulty is slight. There is hardly a time where you feel that you are going to die, minus a few bosses. Once you beat the original game, you can go back and play it on a new Hard Mode option. The game is still not that much more difficult but some of the bosses will give you more trouble. Also, to top it off, the game isn't that long. Even the player who likes to talk to every single person and gets lost often can still beat this game in less then 15 hours. That includes the main storyline and all side quests, minus special weapon upgrading. I can now beat the game on Hard Mode in around 5 hours.

Overall- 10/10
Despite the game being easy and not having the best graphics or sound, it's still 5 stars. The game's storyline and gameplay is so good that the rest doesn't even matter. You'll still find yourself going back and playing this game over and over again.
This was a very chanllenging game for me it. Took me about three months to beat the even old original 64 verison way back in mid 2000 I think it was when back when I was about and was midway through my final and last growth ssuppert. I belive I later when I was about 14  got the newer playstation version. I unfortunatley due to a couple years lack of experience had to use the invulerability and zeeny to comple in a lower completion time of about maybe 10 to 40 hours compared to the original  completer time of about maybe 30 to 80  hours maybe more or less. This game will be fun once you get used to some changes. One megaman like in the later  games of the original series was original drastically increased in size at a huge height of abou 4 to 6 six feet tall and abhout probaly weighs about  130 to maybe 350 pounds witrh his armor on this is the biggest mega man ever made.  Once you learn how to concort the stroneger boss with high atatck strenght and to dog them this may be a piece of cake.  To beat Jungo increas e every thing one the midssle launcher to max this will give you infinite ammo. With this one the ammo update to unlimited if you pay up enough zeeny You cane beat juno easily. Just hold down the button the missle will shot of function like heat seakers. As long as you have infinite health slash cantina points one you can sit there turning your missle into the ultimate automatic fire weapon. Pushbed the out fire down and  keep shooting them of at rapid speed. Even if you get hit you should be able to take this boss down and complety both parts of the battle in about maybe 45 second  20 minutes maybeless. This  is a fun games I hope you enjopy it even though roll is now longer robotic, and Rusha and Beta no longer exist. If you like this and want a really challange to test your patience and enduranc eplay the insanly hard megaman legends 2 also avilable in playstation format.
It arrived faster than our grandson expected.  He was delighted!
This game was very good. The first 3D megaman game to be released.
I played this a long time ago back in the year 2000 with my cousin. I thought It was not a very big deal, but it whent from not-so-interesting, to very fun and challenging (at least for the kiddies). A good game for the young RPG begginer, and fan of the MEGA MAN series.
We got ahold of an old copy of this game at our marching band camp, and it almost made us wish we hadn't. Putting super combo mode on, we commenced the 10 round tournament, that means each person plays until loses each round, with seven people in it. I came in second past the Senior Veteran, with a close match of 2-3. But then we looked at our hands. The fingernails had cut so deeply into the thumbs on our hands that blood stained the controller. We all had dime-sized blisters halfway through the week. So what did we do? Tape 'em up and kept playing! It took weeks for me to recover from the damage, because the pressure was non-stop. This was the most fun I'd ever had, and if you have a group of friends, I HIGHLY recommend this game, but bring some electrical tape. You'll need it.
If you find Street Fighter Alpha 3 overwhelming, then you should try Street Fighter Alpha 2.  18 characters containing some of the most popular characters from the series: Ryu, Ken, Dan, Chun-Li (has her Kikoken fireball, but not her Spinning Bird Kick), Akuma, Sakura, Zangief, Dhalsim, Sagat, and he-plays-just-like-Guile Charlie.  Each character has his/her own ending.
You don't need to worry about what strength to use when using super combos, because each one takes only one "power" bar.  Great soundtrack, if you played Puzzle Fighter, then some of the music should be familiar to you.  Graphics are great, taunts are outstanding, and game control is excellent.  If you have a chance, grab this classic.
Finally, after YEARS of seeing Mega Man in 2D shooter side-scroller gameplay, Capcom began to realize the video game scene was changing, and realism was becoming more important than ever.  So in 1997 Capcom decided to take the classic gameplay of the old Mega Man games and bring Mega Man to an ENTIRE new 3D world.  I finally got to experience the 3D Mega Man adventure a few days ago, in July 2006.  So it took me NINE years to finally play it!  What can I say?  I'm slow!

I have a few problems with certain parts of the game but overall, I'm happy to report that the jump to 3D was a good one (not to mention a NECESSARY one!)  Mega Man spends the entire time in Legends jumping and shooting through a unique 3D environment.

I'm surprised so many people hate the graphics in the game.  They're quite wonderful if you ask me.  Sure, the graphics may be dated because the game is nearly 10 years old (and walking around in Mega Man Legends is sort of like walking around in a giant land of legos) but none of that should matter because you have to take into account the amount of FUN a game provides.  Mega Man Legends provides a LOT of fun.

I really loved one of the very first boss fights in the game where I had to keep running and hiding behind buildings because these giant walking blue, red and yellow machines were throwing bombs and shooting laser beams at me.  The first time I completed this battle it took a good 30 minutes ONLY for a bigger, badder machine to come in and defeat me in seconds.  At first I was angry because the game wouldn't let me SAVE before fighting this fourth boss.  "A half hour of work flushed down the toilet" was the thought that went through my head.

That led me to think the game might be too hard for me to handle, but it turned out I just didn't have the right upgrades for my X-buster equipped (actually I didn't have ANYTHING equipped!) so when I went back to do the battle again I defeated him (her, actually) rather easily.

Most of the enemies throughout the game are rather easy to defeat (including the boss fights).  Many of the boss fights will keep you on your toes, though.  The strategy to defeating many of them is to KEEP RUNNING and only turn around when the moment is right and BLAST them!  The only boss who isn't easy is the very last boss (who sounds like Michael Jackson) because he has TWO forms.  The first form you can figure out with practice, but on the second form he turns into a giant machine and THEN the challenge increases.  But it's possible to find enough money to carry up to 10 Sub-tanks to help you out DRASTICALLY.  If you were to carry 10 Sub-tanks he would be a VERY easy boss!  Despite that, the game provides a nice challenge because the way the story unfolds forces you to do a LOT of things.  You have to go HERE, you have to go THERE!  You have to collect THIS, you have to collect THAT!  You'll find out just how many items and weapons are in the game when you hit the Start button and see everything in your inventory.  It's borderline INSANE.

You see, to help make the game easier, what you have to do is go around searching for things (things located in treasure chests or holes in walls) and then you have to bring the things you collect back to this yellow vehicle where your female friend (or sister, I forget who she is) will be inside.  She can find ways to turn many of the things you collect into important weapons for you to use.  She must be smart!

I think I explained myself correctly, there.  It's kind of confusing because there's so many things you have to collect and that's the main reason I can't give the game a perfect 5-star rating.  TOO MUCH!  In Mega Man Legends you will find SO many weapons and SO many upgrades that it can easily confuse someone (like me) who's normally not exposed to this much activity in a video game.

You have to find a little dancing monkey to save your game.  When you're lost, he can also help you by telling you where to go, unfortunately many times he doesn't provide enough information.  So you can be left wandering around for hours until you finally have no choice but to find a strategy guide on the internet to help you out.

The music in the game is nice.  It's usually played quietly which is odd because most Mega Man music is RIGHT in your face.  If you can actually hear the music, it's pretty much what you'd expect from a Mega Man game.

Listen to those sound effects!!  Sound familiar?  Think South Park!  One of the children (or "pirates") sounds JUST like Butters, and a newswoman who appears later in the game sounds like Kyle's mom!  Some of the animation looks like South Park, too.  When did South Park come out?  1997?  Hmmm, makes you wonder...

Once again, the graphics.  They aren't as bad as I thought they'd be.  Sort of blocky, of course (since this IS Playstation ONE we're talking about here) but I can't bring myself to really hate the graphics because there's a certain mysterious charm about them.  Mega Man Legends LOOKS like a children's game but it's not, really.  Most children wouldn't be able to complete the game because some boss strategies require careful timing and it would be difficult for a child.

The play control... goodness.  It's definitely not easy to figure out at first.  To make Mega Man walk straight, you have to hold down the L and R buttons (this rotates the direction Mega Man is facing) while at the same time you have to use the up, down, left and right buttons to make Mega Man walk forward.  So, because you have to do a lot of running in Mega Man Legends, when an enemy is chasing you and RIGHT behind you, you have to turn around, use the L and R buttons to face him, and THEN hit him.  In the middle of hitting the L and R buttons will probably be the time you take the most hits.  It may take a few hours to properly pull off but you *should* become better at it with practice.

A trick to help you: when an enemy is chasing you, run as far away from him as possible and THEN turn around.  Usually the enemy will be far enough away that you will have time to control Mega Man so he's facing the enemy directly.  Then, simply wait for the enemy to get close and fire away!  I wouldn't blame you if you couldn't figure out the controls- it's not the greatest way to control a character.  I'm not sure if Capcom improved the play control in Mega Man Legends 2.

I find it funny and insulting that when you find a hole in a wall, many times a *very* small amount of money will be located there.  Small enough to not be able to afford ANYTHING.  It's funny because Capcom made it like "wow, you found money!" only to insult you with sofa cushion money.  To find a LOT of money you have to run around shooting enemies.

Just running around shooting enemies and collecting zenny (money) is a lot of fun, not to mention addicting.  A pretty good game worth picking up.
Its a pretty fun game, and you can spend days running through the levels to see what happens next. It takes place in a diffrent reality than regular Megaman games. However thats not a bad thing. You mostly run through Labrinths collecting Money called zenny and fight a buch of pirates. If you buy a MM Legends game get this one, it's the best by far.
Not only is Mega Man Legends the best Mega Man game, it (along with it's sequel) is THE best videogame ever created. I experienced unfathomable ecstacy playing this game in my youth. Some of the very best moments of my life were spent playing this game. Wonderful story, characters, battle system, upgrade system, level design, music, and graphics (for the time). A very emotion inspiring game. It will live in my heart and mind for the rest of my life. I can't possibly say enough about how much I love this game. It is just that good.
To me, Mega Man Legends is one of those games you'll remember years after playing it. The game itself doesn't break any new ground and has its share of flaws, but the overall experience is definitely rewarding.

Mega Man Legends pretty much plays like the earlier Tomb Raider games control wise. Unfortunately, there are a few problems with the control scheme, such as a lock on system that doesn't allow you to move while locked on an enemy (which was fixed in MML2), and the fact you also must contend with moving the camera manually in order to compensate for the lack of a better lock on system to hit your mark.

Legends also uses a pretty similar graphic engine as Tomb Raider as well, complete with all the flat, 2D scenery that rotates with the camera and all the pixilated surfaces and clipping problems that accompanied that era of Playstation gaming. Unlike Tomb Raider, the environments in Mega Man Legends are much brighter and colorful, adding to the games cartoon-like feel, rather than the dark, dank death-trap ridden tombs that Lara Croft raids.

The pretty low difficulty level of the game is also an important factor to look at as well. Considering this game is somewhat geared towards an younger audience, this isn't an error so to speak, but older, more experienced players will fly through the game in a handful of hours (especially considering most of the game bosses can be defeated by constantly circling around them and firing). Thankfully, Capcom added an unlockable difficulty setting to make the game harder for those looking for an additional challenge (oh and is it ever a challenge). Add to this Capcom increased the difficulty on Mega Man Legends 2 a few notches, and all can be forgiven here.

So with all these problems, why is Legends such a good game? Heart, and lots of it. Mix in a good story, a wonderful cast of characters (and enemies), and throw in some of Capcom's more respectable forays in voice acting department, and you got a winner. While some may claim that Legends carries a "kiddy tone", I actually find this to be one of the game's charms and strengths. Honestly, if you don't laugh when one of the Lego Men, err, I mean Servebots messes up and angers Tron, there is something wrong. Seriously, it isn't anymore kiddy than a Mario or Zelda game (or most of Nintendo's gaming library for that matter).

The other thing that makes the Legends series so great is the fact Capcom decided to quit while they were ahead. While I myself still wish they would churn out a Mega Man Legends 3 (considering some of the unresolved issues in Mega Man Legends 2's ending), at least Capcom didn't make a zillion sequels and drain the series of all it's fun and respectability, of which they have done a fine job of doing to the original series and X series.

In the end, Mega Man Legends is not a game you'll remember for amazing graphics, razor-sharp control, or challenging quests. Instead, you'll walk away with a overall memorable experience.
Theres not to much to say about this game exept that it's amazingly fun!  Over all it's really fun and has good replay value.  The game pretty much is your mega man trying to find the "Mother Load" and so are pirates so you stop them then your still not done but I don't want to tell you how it ends.  One thing though if your used to todays graphics these graphics aren't too great compared to todays but that makes it a little more fun I think since they're almost all robots.  It is in 3-D though.  If you like other Mega Man games I'd try this one.
I thought Air Combat was good....Ace Combat 2 far exceeded my expectations.  Ace Combat 2 is the next best thing to being there.  Since I have beeten this game, I can't wait to get Ace Combat 3.
I went to purchase this wonderful game and IT'S NOT AVAILABLE, and I only have a gift certificate, and can't buy it used...GRRR
this game rocks! while playing this game it felt like a real plane, as you geto choose from realy existing planes which have good controls, and good working and accurate weapons, and you have nice envirorment
For the "Ace combat" initiated, this game is a lot better that the original "Ace Combat" for it's graphics and play, although I have to say how much I enjoyed "Ace Combat" too, in the beginning. Not only have the grapics been improved but the game now includes a scannar that actually tellls you which way the enemy planes are pointing - a must for the correct deployment of missiles. Missions are plentiful and, in addition to the possibility to select a wingman (or, indeed wing"woman" as sexual equality aware NAMCO has included) you can even direct him or her to take on a certain part of the mission, or do the mission without support, as you wish. There are the usual night missions and canyon-runs, and plenty of planes to choose from. Game action is very smooth too. The planes available in the more advanced stages of the missions are great. An enjoyable game!
Dug out my Playstation 1 and didn't want discard it. Purchased this and a few other games and gave it to my nephews. Haven't seen them in the sunlight since. I go into the cave occasionally to teach the youngsters what pain is.
I've played nearly EVERY ace combat game, and this one ranks up there with Ace combat 4 and 5.  This one is a HUGE improvement over the first one (titled "Air combat").  The story isn't as good as the playstation 2 versions (4, 5, and Zero) but the gameplay is great , especially if you have a dual-analog controller.  I give this game a 8.5/10
I think this is the best Ace Combat game out of the wholle collection. I played AC 3 and AC 4 and they weren't the same.
The missions are not that easy but they are so cool and the graphics for a ps 1 game are pretty cool.
My first Ace combat game was Electrosphere or number 3 in 98 so 12 years later i decided to give this one a go.  It's a lot of fun, and after you configure your controls to how you like it becomes even better.  Compared to 3, this one is a bit more fast paced, but the graphics are noticeably lower in quality.

The one quarrel I have, though it is a given for all pre 96ish (i think) PlayStation games is you can't use the analog sticks, which i always used in the third AC, and even though it's just a little stick, not having it really takes away from the flying feel.
this is a great game, my son and i have a lot of fun with it. i would highly recomend it for anyone who likes aerial combat games.
This is an excellent game for spending some time on. I have played it before on a demo cd long ago so that's why I decided to buy it. It's about passing missions and destroying planes, bases, ships, etc. It find it very fun. The missions happen in different ambiences and time of the day which makes it more interesting. You can get new planes with different attributes according to what you want. A great title for the ps.
Well to start, this is a PS1 game so no one should be expecting some crazy detailed 360 graphics game from this. That being the case it carries the pixelated look of this generation of game. So any who says the graphics for the game suck are simply setting teh bar too high. Like I said, this is an old game so it should be treated as such.

Game play over all is quite fun and the aircraft selection isn't the worst in the world either. The Game play is a lot of fun in my opinion. It's great for any one that likes flight sim action games. Though it might not be recommended to any hard core flight sim PC gamers. The controls are simple enough that most people should have no trouble playing, but still also advanced enough that the aircraft responds in a relatively realistic manner. Though I must say, that the aircraft stall at low speeds really easily compared to later PS2 installments of Ace Combat.

This is a fun game to play and still carries some similarities to the story of the original Ace Combat, which is also known as Air Combat. The story isn't epic, but it's not too bad either. I enjoyed playing the game a and will continue to play is along with all the other Ace Combat games that I have.
There seems to be a curse on Ace Combat akin to that on the Star Trek movies. And by that I mean that the odd numbered members of the series are forgettable, while the even numbered (save perhaps zero, but zero is the absence of value, right?) are stellar. Ace Combat 6. Awesome. Ace Combat 5. Uneven and over too quick. Ace Combat 4. Perfect. Ace Combat 3. Had half the missions removed for the U.S. release. Ace Combat 1 (Air Combat). Stone Age. And Ace Combat 2...

If you're into classic gaming and love the Playstation (and especially if you love air combat games) this is a definite buy. The sheer imagination that was put into this game is wonderful. You have night missions, sea missions, desert missions, high-altitude missions, ravine missions, and oh-so-wonderful city-liberation mission.

I've said it before and I'll say it again, there's more to graphics than just how many polygons you have and how detailed your textures are. Graphics, even low-res graphics, can and should be BEAUTIFUL. And beautiful this game is in all its Playstation polygon glory. The lighting, the jets, the far off cityscapes and the clouds in the sky, it's all just beautiful (to me at least). And better yet, unlike other air combat games of the era, everything moves at a rocketing speed. Even when you get close to the ground (where other games look like you're moving in slow motion), the game keeps a great sensation of speed.

The controls are uniformly tight, utilizing the analog controls to the full. And you can bank and pitch completely upside down, something that many similar arcade-style games of the time don't allow. The game also features a wonderful cockpit view that brings you into the experience even more. There's also voice chatter as you go, some nice arcade style music, and full voice command briefings (nice). Of course you also hear "Bingo!" every time you hit a target and get a comment every time you miss too, but that's just keeping with the arcade feel. The enemy A.I. might not be as good as you can get now, but it's definitely good for when this game came out, and you can still get shot down if you play on hard and don't watch yourself.

In my opinion this game was the first great console air combat game. If you love arcade style air combat games and play Playstation games, you just have to get this game.
I've played Ace Combat 1-4 and I still think that this one is the best that I  have played. Many of the missions are pretty easy but thats just me. The games graphics are better than Air combat but are about the same as Ace Combat 3. The selection of planes is  pretty good but Namco could have done a better job but its still a great game.  Anyone that likes flight simulations should buy this game ASAP.
I AM A PAC MAN TYPE OF GAL HOWEVER I REALLY LOVE THIS GAME.  I PLAY IT ALL THE TIME WITH MY ONLY CHILD. NOW I CAN HANG WITH THE BEST OF THEM. MY SON'S FRIENDS THINK I AM SO COOL BEING 31 AND ALL.  NO JUST FOR BOYS.  GALS INVITED. ENJOY !!!!!!
Most Teekns fans carer started with Tekken 3.  And if you were an aracde aholic, it started with 2.  Had this been the easrly 90's this gamewould have got 5 stars hands down.  But over the years, this game is aged.  Tekken 1, was not an arcade blokc buster, and really came to age on ome systems.  Most fans of later tekkens will notice that this game was left for improvements.  Thee characters, while perfect stunnning and apporpiate for the early 90's, are blocky and of little detail.  although it was light years beyond Virtua Fighter 1.  And the fact that this was one ofthe first 3-dgames without chessy ringouts,and a highly detail, and cue combo system.  Most fans of later tekken will notice the cheese factor of the gameplay.  You could basically, pumble the computer, or an human oppeonent with little ease on the ground.  Which was improved in later Tekkens.  And the 8 characters, which again was appropiate for the times.  The story of this game, goes back to early Tekken.  Heatchi(sp?) was the final Boss. And was pretty hard due tothe fact you could be killed with only 3 moves.  I don't remember if Devil Kaazu(sp?) was a secret boss. But he was selectable,only through a very hard unlock process.  Anyway, I know that the later Tekkens blowthis game way, but his is a classic.  Introdcuing oyung versions, of Tekken legends.  Law, Paul, and Kaazu(sp?).  This is a personal favorite of mines.  But the reason for the low rating is the fact that the gameplay was cheesy.  Which, again was greatly imporoved upon in later tekkens.
I disagree I think 3 is the best for PS. 1 just seems too old to me but go with your instincts.
Perfect condition, wasn't scratched or cracked, first one was and they sent me another one immediately, brandnew case and my son was very satisfied
I could've just played this game on Tekken 5 arcade history, but I wanted to play as the boss characters, and I thought it would be easier. I'm not bad, I know a lot of the moves. But this game is to damn hard. Even on easy, its still hard. Mainly cause characters like "Paul" "Nina" "Michelle" "Law" and "King" just spam (do it over and over) the same moves. Even if your on the ground, they will still try to attack so when you get up, you get your a** handed to you. Nina spams the flip and jump punch and doesn't stay still, Paul keeps doing the "sweep, elbow" combo and kick combo, King flips, dropkicks, lunges at you over and over, and Michelle does this annoying combo that's almost unblockable, and finally, Law. He spams the punch combo and kicks over and over. Yoshimitsu isn't that annoying, but he kicks too a lot. Kazuya and Jack aren't so annoying (Jack does spam though). Heihachi spams grapples and most of the "Sub Bosses" are clones of the original 8. Plus, they don't have endings. Lee is a Law clone, Wang is a Michelle clone with Paul's "Phoenix Smasher" (like we really needed an even more annoying clone of Michelle), Armor King is just like King but has Kazuya and Heihachi's uppercuts, P. Jack, Kuma, and Ganryu are all clones of Jack, and Anna is like Nina, but more difficult, and finally, Heihachi. He is mainly Kazuya with some added moves. Playing Heihachi is unnecessarily hard. I never thought that this would be the only Tekken game where I have to set a time limit to 40 seconds. The game is ok, but the sequels are better. Oh and a lot of characters sound like Jack.(Ganryu, Heihachi, P. Jack)
works well for me, except i can't get my championships to show at the end. Im not sure if that is a glitch or not.
This game is a classic, I first played it at the arcade around 1996, but the game came out around 94-95. Of course, you won't find beautiful visuals, this is piece of history, one of the first 3D fighting games ever created. It was groundbreaking for it's time, and to this day I still find it addictive.
Each character has a unique fighting style, and these styles keep getting inherited on every sequel, most noticeable Paul, Jack, Yoshimitsu and Law. The Playstation version actually expands the arcade version, adding ending movies and extra characters. There is an arcade version in Tekken 5 as part of the bonus arcade history games, Tekken 2 and 3 are also included.
If you enjoyed games like Rival Schools, Mortal Kombat 4 or Dead or Alive, you definately need to play this.
While the game may be outdated and not as fun to play as some of the more recent titles, I can't fault this game because this is where it all started.

On its own merit in 1995, it was a smash-box hit and everybody was ahhed by the graphics, 3d environments, and the musical score. Back then, we were used to Super Mario World and Final Fight. This was something completely different. No one cared about the flaws the game had back then. It was par for the course.

Now, in 2012, a whole 17 years later (really? that long ago...), a person can easily recognize the flaws of gameplay, sound, and playability. Sound effects are lo-fi, almost like comparing a cassette to a CD. The soundtrack is still amazing though, as if it were mapped on an entirely different bit format. Playability, there is one overall mode - the 1P Arcade mode (unless you count options and 2P). Every successful completion of the game with a character unlocks a new character to choose - the same one you fight in round 8. After that, you have all of the characters and there's not much else to do. There's no team battle, no survival, just...1P Arcade. So it works for 1995. The ending movies are pretty bad, all having the same soundtrack and really blocky ugly CGI. Of course in retrospect, this WAS 1995.

The movies never got better in the series until much later, but they did improve some.

Overall, Tekken deserves a place in your PSX collection, right next to 2 and 3. You won't play it often because Tekken 2 covers all of those bases and more. So to me, at least, this game is merely a collection piece.
I remember playing tekken when I was younger, though I'm not actually sure what game I played. It was probably either tekken 2 or 3. But I wanted to try playing tekken again. I liked the stories you get at the end and I like the different characters you can get later on. So I decided to play at the beginning.

As for Tekken the original game:
(keep in mind that I haven't played tekken in a long time, and this is my first time playing tekken 1.)

PROS: This is where it all began so it was nice to see how it started
  You get to see and play the original characters
  You get to see how their stories began
  and have fun learning their techniques(a pro and con)

CONS: The character's endings are very short and if you don't have the manual you may get confused on how this has to do with the characters.
  There are no voices at the end, you just hear the same music
  The graphics aren't that good, but keep in mind it's the original
  Mostly a bunch of button pushing
  You don't get to unlock any extra characters
  and you have to learn a lot of moves on your own (a pro and con)

Overall I would say it isn't a must get, but if you want to see how the story began and are intrested in starting from the beginning then it isn't a waste of money. But I would mention that if it is just their stories you were intrested in then just look online and you can see all their stories in a total of 4 minutes. I don't regret my desicion, but I wouldn't get it again. This said it is likely I would play it again just for kicks.
Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own.
i love this game. i defanatly think this play station version is way better than the arcade version. i remember playing this game when i was 7 and loved it. i recently bought it again and forgot about galaga at the beginning. lol. anyway, defanatly recommend this game.
the seller's description sed BLACK LABEL IN LONG CASE. i recieved the damn green labled regular case instead. in other words, my ass got ripped off.

the game itself is a good fighter, i love how wen u start it up you get that classic galaga game. theres a pretty good cast of characters, each with there own uniqe set of moves. the graphics are great, characters are in 3d while the backgrounds are in 2d. you get cool CG cutscenes during arcade mode for each of the 8 characters. probably my favorite part of ANY Tekken game is the music. the music in this game is very well done. one of my very few complaints of this game is that there is no training mode. its hard to learn some of the moves while someone is fighting you at the same time. you can also ajust the difficulty level of the game, though i didn't notice a difference. this is one of the first fighters on the PS1 along with Battle Arena Toshinden. i wouldnt really reccomend it unless your a collector like me and you want the long case version. i would reccomend Tekken 2, which is the best in the series in my opinion.
Never actually owned the original Tekken but I played it. Since I'm the best Tekken player in the universe, I've decided that I want to own the game that started it all....
Well i bought it because i wanted to collect all the tekken games(i did :D) and it brings back alot of memories
Yet another item i never received. It was fun 10 years ago though, so it has to be fun now.
The graphics and gameplay are very out dated. The movies at the end are stupid and only the first eight players have them. The only reason I even got this game is because I loved Tekken 2,3,Tag, and 4. The only reason I don't sell this is I want to have all the tekkens, but if you want to buy it, don't pay more than $2 for it.
I think, that Tekken is a very good game. The fighters are pretty good (King, Kazuya and Paul). Also the graphik is well done. It`s also very funny, that the fighters are fighting in Venezia, in St. Marco. I`m from Venicce and I love that game.
THIS GAME WAS GREAT. THOUGH IT DOESN'T COMPARE TO ITS ORIGINAL ARCADE MACHINE, THIS HOME VERSION IS NICE ANYWAY. THE FIGHTS ARE ALL FUN, THE GRAPHICS STILL LOOK FANTASTIC EVEN THOUGH THIS GAME IS NEARLY A DECADE OLD NOW, AND THE CHARACTERS ARE ALL GOOD AND THE STORYLINES ARE ALL INTERESTING. TO UNLOCK THE BOSSES [WHICH IS THE MAIN THING], YOU HAVE TO BEAT THEM ALL WITH THEIR ALREADY AVAILABLE COUNTERPARTS. THE FIRST TIME YOU BEAT HEIHACHI [WHICH IS THE MAIN BOSS FOR THIS GAME], YOU GET HIM UNLOCKED. BUT THE REST OF THEM, YOU HAVE TO PLAY AS THE COUNTERPARTS TO GET THEIR BOSSES. EVEN WITH THE PLAYSTATION 2 AND X BOX AND STATE OF THE ART SYSTEMS LIKE THAT ON THE MARKET, MANY OF THE GAMES THEY PUT OUT TODAY CAN'T COMPARE TO CLASSIC GAMES LIKE THIS! THIS IS ONE OF THE ALL-TIME GREATEST FIGHTING GAMES EVER AND I DARE SAY THIS MIGHT BE THE BEST OF THE TEKKEN SERIES. EVEN HAS GREAT MUSIC.
This tekken game is definetley a"A go home and do it again".I know this game is old, but it really needs work. I have talked really well of the other tekken games,in my opinion this game is terrible. The graphics are ok, the fighting isn't that good. I guese this game isn't so bad,but i would not recomend it. Other tekken games are all really awsome I would definetley try tekken4,tekken3,and tekkentag. All in all tthis game is ok,if you have a chance to get this game,dont buy it for over fifteen dollars.note:this game is pretty rare,(at least in the city i live in).If your that into tekken, keep it for a rare collectors piece. So il'l see you later,bye.
I didn't get the game from u guys yet but i played it before a long time ago. I think the game is really good, i have  every tekken series there is except for the one i just ordered which i should be getting pretty soon.
This game pretty much kicks ....  I know a lot about tekken games, and this is no different.  This is the beginning of a 5 game series, so far.  The graphics aren't good, but they are just what to expect from a 95 ps one game.  As tekken goes this is probably the worst, but still good.  As they make more they get better, but what kept me coming back for more was the story, not just the fighting.  As the game progresses, so does the story.  I own tekken 3,4 and soon 1,2 and between all those their's a tag game with all the characters to that point, tekken 3.  In tag tournament you get to play all the characters even if they died in previous tekkens.  Unlike all the tekkens so far you have a tag partner, it's pretty cool.  To skip to the point, you should buy this.  It's not the best one but you should buy it.  My personal favorites so far are 3,4.  Tekken tag and tekken 4 are for ps2, the rest are ps one.  None of the games are too expensive, especially 3, if you're good you can get all 5 for just 100 bucks.  They're worth a shot.
  Peace out
  Enjoy your Tekken
I thought this game would be sweet. It doesn't have as many options as the other ones. The secret character don't even have a story if you beat the game with them. You can't even see them on the screen. Plus you can't use half the moves from the other Tekken games.
The first time I played this game I was amazed by the sheer quality coming out of this game. The grahics were absolutly incredible and the gameplay was out of this world. This was all in 1995. Now that tekken2 and tekken3 had arrived on the scene it seemed as though tekken had faded to a fairyland. Back then in junior school everyone was in conversation about all the characters and the secret ones and how you unlocked them. And know that games like tekken2, tekken3 and soulbade coming to the playstation tekken was suddenly never an issue. All I know is that tekken was a fantastic game at launch and had also beaten virtua fighter on the saturn which was a rival to tekken. If tekken had never come out then I believe with a 100% that none of the existing games that I have mentioned above and their sequals would have been in existance. Despite these games being in existance tekken is still a soulfighter and is the game that made namco famous on the playstation.
After defeating Xenogears, I was looking for a game that was fun to play, and didn't require me to do much thinking. Xenogears was a monster game that had a fantastic, yet confusing plot that really made you think. Breath of Fire 3 is a complete change of pace. Instead of going for an engrossing and confusing plot like FF7 and Xenogears, Breath of Fire 3 continues a simple, but fun plot that feels refreshing to play after finishing a monster game like Xenogears.
Breath of Fire 3 doesn't have an overly confusing story. Once long ago, there was a clan on earth known as the dragon clan. After gaining enough power to destroy the world, the dragon clan suddenly disappeared. You play as Ryu, a young boy who suffers from amnesia. He soon befriends two thieves named Rei and Teepo. After he gets into trouble with the authorities, he soon finds out he is an ancestor of the dragon clan. So he embarks on a journey to uncover his mysterious past.
Sound original? Sorry, but if it's originality that you want, you won't find it here. Even the battle system is painfully unoriginal. As you play it, it will feel like you have played something else exactly like it. The story, the battle system, everything feels like it was used many times before, and i hate to say this, but the ending is very disappointing.
However, with all gripes aside, Breath of Fire 3 is a fun and engaging quest. My favorite part of the game was the characters; they are interesting, and very funny. I also liked that the plot never once got confusing. Even though it was unoriginal, it never got off target and it even sometimes kept you on the edge of your seat.
With all the complaints aside, Breath of Fire 3 is fun game to play through. After playing through a monster game like Xenogears, it is refreshing to play. Unfortunately, don't get too excited about the ending.
If you like dragons , and magic you'll like this game .  You start out as a child grow older learn about his own race  called the Brood .
Breath of Fire was my first RPG, and one of the reasons why I love RPGs (the other reason is that I can't play an action game to save my life). The game is a bit hard, but very fun to play. The story if really cool and very interesting and the soundtrack is good and can be heard at a mini game in which you build a fairy village. The best song is Pure Again, and can be heard at the fairy village when you complete the game.
Breath of Fire III's old-school graphics capture the feel of old RPGs, and how good they were, playing on NES and Super NES, back in the old days. Now  I still play SNES, playing such good games as Super Godzilla, Breath of  Fire I, and the Final Fantasy series. The storyline goes as follows--Ryu is  a survivor of an ancient race of dragons, the Brood, which nearly destroyed  the world. However, he is a good dragon. He allies himself with Yraall  Region thieves, Rei and fellow dragon Teepo, who at the time doesn't know  he's a dragon. He aligns himself with the young Princess of Wyndia,  Princess Nina, and the daughter of a smart scientist, Momo, a mutated  vegetable named Peco who has a lot of significance at the end of the game,  and a Guardian of Urkan Tapa who's race once fought and defeated the  dragons in a war, Garr. Together they quest to find Ryu's origin and other  members of his race, and to find out if Ryu is evil or not. With beautiful  music, surroundings, and a great storyline, this is one of the best RPGs of  all--with many mini-games abound and a fantastic battle system. Definitely  get this if you're a fan of Capcom RPGs.
i rate this so high because i loved the dragon form in battle the little welp was cute at first this was the first rpg i beat before my dad they had  very good people on here like ryu and that other blue haired guy i cant  think right now i got a head ache anyways this was just as good as the  other breath of fires i think this one has changed alot nina seem to be  around for along time or is it just me? she was in breath of fire one 2 and  3 i think im gonna have to play them again and find out anyways this game  had a great fighting style almsot like the other breath of fires the music  was the same and got dull after a while thats what needed some work you  should get this if you like the first breath of fire the colors on this  game were not very bright i like brighter colors when i look at a game
To put it bluntly, Breath of Fire III is intolerably dull. The battle engine has few innovations, the graphics are standard 2D cutesy sprites on  a rather featureless 3D background, and the plot is riddled with  problems.
Sure, in combat you can turn into eleven different kinds of  dragons, but so what!  At no point in the game are you actually required to  do so. In fact, you can go through the game with no need of a sinle  transformation. Experimenting with different dragon genes (necessary to  discover the above-mentioned dragon types) is tedious and wastes your MP.  In fact, transforming into a dragon wastes so much of your magic, that it  sort of invalidates any strategy.
The random battles are copious,  considering the fact that for most of the game you fight with no purpose in  mind. Thankfully, most enemies have a trick or two up their sleeve that you  can learn and perform yourself (most of the ones you can learn are  useless). Combat in this game just isn't fun, probably because it has  nothing to do with the plot.
The plot is surprisingly bare and devoid of  livelihood. Just as an example, before you meet the final boss at the end  of the game, you will have no idea that she is there. Neither will you know  for sure why exactly you are fighting her.
The plot has a lot of  interesting parts that are left unexplained. Some of the human interactions  seem realistic, but all of the realism is drained away by the fifth time  you are beaten up and kidnapped by the same pair of bandits.
The  soundtrack features several off-beat tunes, but otherwise is bleak. You'll  spend most of your game-time listening to no more than five tunes.
There  are also a few small things that are sure to irritate. Specific characters  are necessary to perform certain tasks (only the walking onion character  can break the glass seal on an emergency door), but switching characters in  your party is a long and tedious task. Sometimes it takes several seconds  to quit certain conversations, and sometimes there is lag between character  actions in combat.
I've never played the other installments in the Breath  of Fire series, so I cannot be sure of their quality. However, if they are  on the same level as this tepid piece of software, they desperately lack  appeal.
Breath of Fire Three is the third part to what was a very good series of RPGs. Breath of Fire One seems to be what most people I talk to about games  consider the best. Even though I loved Breath of Fire 2 the most. I  expected a lot from breath of fire 3. Perhaps this helped lower my opinion  of Breath of fire 3, but I did not like this game.
As far as game play  goes like all BoF games in BoF 3 you have the ability to turn into a  dragon. Like BoF 1 and unlike BoF2 when you turn into a dragon you stay one  for a while. While you're a dragon you loose MP every turn to keep you from  staying one forever in that combat unlike BoF 1. All the character seem to  get their own special power. The character list is short and one of the  characters on the list of the book never fights with you as a character.  The training system you can find people to help you with is actually kind  of pointless weird and honestly I didn't like it. The town to town walking  is slow and you never get fast transportation.
As far as plot goes the  plot is the plot starts off okay. Then about two hours in goes in a  different direction. It is fine for a while then but around the end is a  large dungeon that is boring to go threw and leaves the any not very much  of a climax. They lost any suspense you could have built up similar to the  Tales Of Destiny ending. Also the characters don't have very strong and  noticeable personalities. Also if you keep up with it you won't like the  direction the plot takes thirds of the way threw.
As far as control goes  it's basically standard of with noting exceptionally notable about  it.
The graphics to this game are not very good. It is done in sprites.  Sometimes I myself prefer sprits but I do not like the character drawings  of this game. On the walking town to town map character looks chubby and  short. The drawings are basic and too simple. There was only one of the  dragons I liked the look of. However there is a little onion that can  follow around with your party who beat all other RPGs in cuteness of a  single character. The cute hopping onion is defiantly the main reason to  buy this game if you do.
And finally as far as length of time it can stay  interesting the game is longer them many RPGs won't be beaten on a short  rental. If you get this game buy it.
Overall this game is the worst of  the BoF series. I don't recommend buying it unless its finishes some  collection you are working on, or if you have to see a hopping onion follow  people around.
At 98 hours into the game I finaly beat it. Its the longest game I ever played and it only has 1 CD.After dying countless times by the final boss I  finaly found an easy way to win without cheating.
Runs, safety packaged, no complaints.
Perfect
What an absolutely wonderful game. The story is entertaining and dramatic, knowing when to make you laugh and when to tug at your heart strings. The characters are all very memorable and colorful. The gameplay is deeply engaging, experimenting with dragon genes made most battles that much more fun.

What I really love about this game though, is the soundtrack. Check out this games music, you guys. It's super good.

Also, good luck in the desert.
Excellent
Game worked fine, but I wasn't too attached to the story.
Great game, I'm addicted lol. Fast mail out and fast service.
all was as expected.
capcom is the greatest video game company in the universe there true genius's the best of the best capcom rocks all the games that capcom made from the 80s to 2015 are the greatest video games in the universe there true classics the best of the best all the games that capcom made from the 80s to 2015 rocks breath of fire 5 is the greatest video game company in the universe a true classic the best of the best breath of fire 5 rocks,breath of fire 6 is the greatest video game in the universe a true classic the best of the best breath of fire 6 rocks
Excellent condition, fast shipping and a timeless classic nothing more, nothing less.
I first played this game when I was 7 years old. Now at 25 it is still one of my all time favorite games. The storyline is interesting, the characters are unforgettable, and it has an awesome soundtrack. In my opinion, it's one of the best rpg's out there.
Love this game.
I remember buying this game when I was 12 years old. It was wonderful then and it's still one of the greatest RPGs I've ever played.
perfect
Pure simple honest rpg from before the down fall of the series
This game is hands down my favorite RPG series and BOF3 is my favorite part in the entire series. I grew up playing this game and as an adult still love playing it from start to finish numerous times. This isn't your average RPG. It has a storyline so intense, you actually get into it. I would suggest this to any RPG fan and know they would love it.
haven't play for long time and love this game as enjoy play. it good play game I guess well alright
I've been looking for this for so long from a reputable seller. It arrived completely perfect and complete. Disc has been resurfaced. No scratches or anything. The case has no cracks in it. I'm a game collector, and this might be the best purchase i have ever made online.
Great game...Rei is my favorite character and I am playing through this game for my second time...love it!  Anybody who loved PS1 should give this game a try...
Top 10 all time best rpg I"'ve played fun and challenging at times kentucky Wildcats going to win the tournament
One of the best RPGs ever and my top 4 with Final Fantasy 7 ,Grandia ,legend of the Dragoon. I own this game when it first came out and just bought it to reminisce just as good as first time
Item arrived on time and as described. Would purchase from again. Thanks!
Love the game thanks!
This game is great from the look and the level of detail and the combat. Thanks
It was truly an amazing experience and the game came in great condition. I also felt that I got my money's worth
I think I ordered this over 6 years ago.  I am sure it was enjoyed by my son at that time.  I don't know what you want me to say.
So glad I ordered this game, it was like nostalgia overload of awesome, it helps that it was in PERFECT condition with the case and booklet and got here super fast. One of the best RPGs I have ever played. And just a heads up, you totally can not beat the two unicorn bad guys in the beginning no matter what the internet tells you so don't wast 20 hours trying to.
I've enjoyed almost every game in this series, but BoFIII is fantastic!
Graphically, I love the bright 3D environments with sprite characters.
The turn-based combat is fun and has everything a turn-based combat system should have.

My one complaint...it's too short! :)
well I know this game is awesome, however I wish the seller would be a little faster since I ordered it and am still waiting for it, I received my other orders and this is the only one I am still waiting for, this one game,. Mood...... Bummed out because of the slow process of the game to arrive.

Thank You, Acey S.
Manual and disc in almost new condition.  This game is a great trip down memory lane. I love this game. They should really bring  this series to the next gen systems.
Got here really fast. amazing price compared to what I have seen! I could not be more Happy with the game!
ive been wanting this game for forever, the story line, battle modes, and game play are amazing for me. it is almost like pokemon and final fantasy mixed together (as far as the graphics go) just a great game, great music and character designs.
If you like RPGs buy this one, it is Bar none the best RPG ever. Final Fantasy (insert number here) be damned.
favorite of all time. the game is the heart of all rpg's from the ps1 era.  it's on the level of the big final fantasies
I love it. Makes me happy, I squeed like a little gamer geek that I' am. I recomend this because it is a classic and has a great story line.
This game is one of my all time favorites, I give it a 10/10 in the RPG genre.  It is a turn based RPG, that is fun to play.  I own this game for the PSP and the now the PS1.  This game is a rare find in good condition.  If you find a better RPG than this, besides the final fantasy games of course, let me know!
I remember first playing this game at an early age in the late '90s. I received it at a Christmas gift in 2002 and have been playing it over and over again ever since. I love the soundtrack, I love the characters, I love the storyline, I love the dragon/accension system, I enjoy the idea of having masters teach you skills, or learning skills from enemies, and I for sure enjoyed the boss fights! This is my favorite RPG game of all time, and one of my favorite childhood memories. I think the graphics are awesome, for being made in 1998! The characters and locations in the game are beautifully drawn in my opinion. There are plenty of people that aren't fans of the music, but I think the soundtrack rocks! This game is amazing, and completely worth every penny!
BREATH OF FIRE 2 IS THE BEST OF THE SERIES, AND THEY ALL ROCK OUT WITH THEIR...WELL DRAGON TAIL OUT...I REMEMBER BEING 13-14YRS OLD AND

TOTALLY BEING HOOKED ON BOF...ZELDA AND BOF...ARE WHAT SHOT ME DOWN THE ACTION ADVENTURE/RPG ROAD. I SUGGEST BUYING IT USED...UNLESS U'D

LIKE TO BLOW HUNDREDS.
Was purchased for an older teen. He enjoyed the game but quickly tired of it & traded it after a few months. It was in good shape & had a good price. I think he got his plays worth from what we paid.
This was wonderful service. I ordered the game and it arrived within one week. (I'M EVEN STATIONED IN JAPAN!!!!!) and I received it very fast. The game was used, but it was almost in perfect condition. I give it 4 1/2 out of 5 stars. The only reason i'm not doing 5 out of 5 is because it didn't come with a manual, but thats ok.
I originally bought this game when it first came out back in 97, but as things go i got a PS2 n got rid of all of my PS stuff. I fell in love with the game from the second i started playing it. So while browsing some PS games I came across the game and had to re-acquire it. Luckily my brother still had his old PS console. I'll say this, anyone who has not played this game before should get it & play it fully. Enjoy the fishing, the fairy village, the different "Masters", and the storyline itself.
this game is alot of fun you can somewhat customize your characters and tinker with thier stats and magic/skills the game is pretty long for 1 disk game but it also had a couple puzzles that makes you want to throw your remote at the tv lol all in all its all worth the hassle.
This is a great game.  I had this game for the first time when I was in high school, and since then this has always been one of my favorie RPG's.  The Accession system is very unique, as are other elements about this game. The Master system/Skill Notes options is one of my favorites, as not only do characters learn spells and abilities unique to each character, but the fact that you can apprentice any character to a master, remove any skills taught that you don't like to the Skill Notes, and perhaps most importantly, give the skill to the proper team mate.  The story itself is addicting, as are all the party members, side quests, and enemies you will face.  Some of the things you must do to continue the story itself aren't your average run-of-the-mill RPG way of doing things, but Capcom indeed has a jewel here that will glimmer for the ages.  It's too bad that they just don't make them like they used to.

In case the title of this review confuses you, I did purcahse this game from an Amazon.com seller, but it was lost in the mail and my money returned.  I don't blame Amazon nor the seller for this, as our USPS central hub was moved from London to Lexington, which is much farther away and apparently still learning the ropes.  Enjoy!
This is probably one of my favorite, if not my favorite, video game.  I've played it all the way through three times.

The battles are you typical, turn based battles, which I like.  The camera view is not the least bit confusing or difficult to follow.  The storyline is incredibly interesting, and keeps you in the story where you're playing it as much to find out what happens next as you are for the fun of it.

The side games, fishing and such, are enjoyable, and you get helpful items from them.

The characters are likable, and that's a bit plus in my book when it comes to video games.
Hands Down, my favorite video game. I first played nearly 10 years ago, when I was 9 years old, I was at a relatives friends house, and he let me play. I am so glad he did, When I was about 10 or 11 I had been looking for this game forever, when I found it in a discount bin at Walmart (THE FOOLS!) Of Course, this was before it became a sought after gem. I have still never finished it! Ha, but I pretty much know what happens. Funny story (I'm boring you all...) My first save file which was about 75% done, was lost along with the memory card it was on when my brother borrowed my ps1. After a heartbroken couple of years of being stubborn, I started a new game...which I accidently overwrote while saving my girlfriends game for her. I was at the same exact point as my first game. A little over a year ago I started a new game. I'm not sure I want to finish. lol. (btw, I don't just suck that much, I just go a bit slow at every game I play. Plus I tend to stop playing a game, and pick it back up months later. I figure I don't have to start over to get the full effect of the story, since I basically know it inside out.)Sorry, I'll talk about the actual game now.
--ACTUAL GAME REVIEW BEGING HERE--
Breath of Fire III is AMAZING. The Story is so captivating and 3 dimentional. I think it really pulls off modern japanese storytelling and places it in a mostly western inspired setting. The story is really beautiful, Breath of Fire and Legend Of Zelda are what made me see video games as works of fiction alongside books and films, rather than just mindless entertainment with a story thrown together.
I think the graphics are perfect, they did what they wanted to do with it, and produced in my opinion what people would want to see. 2D in a three dimentional world, Not 2D like the 16bit graphics of BoF2, and while in a 3-dimentional world, there were no unsightly polygons that bosses and some characters were rendered in in BoF4, as well as what made up so many whole games of the time, such as Spyro, Crash Bandicoot, Super Mario 64, and Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. While the latter two, are in my opinion, brilliant games (not that the first two are particualarly bad), the graphics were undeniably a little attrocious. I don't think any 3D game on the n64 or Playstation looked good, and while some of the best video games of all time were made in this period, and I wouldn't change a thing, I still think I would have waited for the capabilities of the gamecube, PS2, or X-box to make a game like that. Anyway, back to BoF3, I think this game triumphed in the graphics depatment because it had the technology for 3d landscapes and movement, but used 2D sprites and backgrounds, which could be ued at a far more sophisticated level than on a 16 bit console.
Gameplay is great. I'm not very good at describing that, but yeah, I think it has a great battle engine or whatever. (I'm kind of tired from writing about the graphics lol). I'm rather fond of the upper world map (which is less of a map, and more of a simply simplified world), versus the actual areas. The three quarters view is a bit strange, but I love it, probably better than it it were just front facing for some reason....Don't really have much to say about that...sorry.
Now, the most underrated part of this game, the music. I LOVE the music. Akari Kaida and Yoshino Aoki, they have done beautifully. I listen to this on my mp3 player. Everyone says it was the worst part of the game, but seriously, I think it is the best video game music ever. I love the opening and prolougue tracks especially, and the tracks For the Dragons (which I believe is the BGM for Dragnier) and Ending. The credits song Pure Again is lovely as well.
If you like RPGs, this is a must have. Probably one of the best video games of all time. So damn underrated.
I love this game. Changing into dragons is awesome and some of the characters are to die for (Like Rei and Ryu). The story really pulls you into the character and even the graphics aren't that bad. they're better than most PS one games ^_^ I suggest getting your hands on it if you like classic playstation games.
This game is still a great RPG game even though it was released in the late 90s ('98?).  I'm a seasoned RPG enthusiast, but I never had a chance to play any of the BOF series so I decided to order this game on amazon about a month ago.  So far, I've played over 50 hours of this game (I think I'm almost finished!) and I can say that this game is as good (if not, better) than some of the BEST RPGs that ever existed, Final Fantasy and Zelda series included.

Stuff that I really like about this game:

* Story seems mysterious enough to keep your attention to what's gonna happen next.  It's about Ryu, the dragon boy and a mission to find out how/why he became a dragon and where he's from.

* Very interesting characters you'll meet like Rei, Ryu's partner who can transform himself into a tiger. There's also Nina who was a kidnapped princess who ended up travelling with Ryu.  There's Garr, a monster-bull looking thing that was supposed to hate Ryu's race, but ended up befriending Ryu.  And there's also Peco, a mutated vegetable-looking thing that ended up with the gang.

* Fairy village that you can "customize" that will sell you items/weapons and/or build your village by giving jobs to fairies, and you can even allocate a fairy to find items for you.  With your good (or bad) management, fairies can be born or die...

* Lots of little "minigames", puzzles, or mini-strategy quests that move the game along and keep it from getting boring.  For example, you have to find items to create a dish to feed a mayor of a town (don't ask!), or you have to control a crane and move boxes around to create a bridge to proceed to the next door, or pull a box with another person rhythmically to find an "item" awashed on the shore, etc.

* you can learn monsters spells/skills through the "examine" feature while fighting them.  It's a great addition, especially if you want to learn a very good skill that some monsters use.  Not all skills can be learned, though.

* you can find different types of people that can enhance your stats/skills by going under their apprenticeship.  For example, one of them can help you gain more power or defense, while another may make you more intelligent, etc.

So far, I have no complaints except for the "desert quest" that seemed to go on and on and on...you get the point.  But, like anything, it requires strategy and it's not as hard as some people think it is once you find out that there is an easier way to finish it.

Overrall, this game exceeds my expectation for a very good RPG game.  It's hard enough that it will keep you thinking of ways to proceed to the next level, but not too hard that it'll make you just quit it.
First, I'd like to start out by saying, this is one of the best games I have ever played! Second, don't listen to anyone that gave this game 1 or 2 stars, because this game isn't as low as to get a poor rating. The main character, Ryu, is one of the dragons. The dragons, can take on a human-like appearance, but a little different (Example: Ryu from BOF 1 had fangs). The plot starts when Ryu is looking for 2 of his friends, who all got separated due to an accident. But later, the plot completely turns around and blocks off the 2 friends. But anyway, this game is REALLY FUN!!! The battle system is turn-based, and you can learn certain abilitis from enimies by using the "Examine" command. There are a total of 6 party memebers, and there only one thing I hate about this game. I like it when you can access to all of your party members in the menu, and that they all would get experience points (Like BOF 4). But I HIGHLY recdomend this game, and trust me, you won't regret buying it.
This game was a refreshing change from the normal RPGs I had been playing when I got it.  It's been a few years since I bought the game, but it's still fun to play.  There were a few things about the game that I didn't like, but they were nothing that would keep me from playing it.
I enjoyed the battles.  Some enemies had abilities you could learn by having your characters watch them until they used it, this was a good way to get a few abilities for characters that can't learn decent ones on their own.  Some of the enemies were interesting, and as the story progresses you get to see Ryu grow from a kid into a man.  When you begin the game, he covers his eyes and flails his sword when he attacks.  Later on, he has become comfortable enough with fighting that he stops hiding when he attacks, and when he's grown up, he just looks cool doing it.
The only things that detracted from my enjoyment of the game were hardware issues and a scratched disc.  Granted I had to start over once because I killed off all the fairies in the fairy village, but that was an accident. . .
Breath of Fire III arrives almost three years after the fun-but strictly orthodox-Super NES title, Breath of Fire II. Although BOFIII isn't a radical departure from the earlier games in the series, don't let that turn you off; it's reassuring to see that sprite graphics haven't given way entirely to origami-style polygons. Sporting a quasi-medieval European setting, a heroic story line, and turn-based battles, BOFIII will appeal to fans of Square's Final Fantasy series and Working Designs' Lunar titles. An Epic Journey Breath of Fire III starts with the discovery of a tiny dragon that goes on a deadly rampage before it's captured. The dragon escapes and is transformed into a young boy named Ryu, who is befriended by a pair of delinquents, whose thoughtless pranks get them captured by some truly evil people. Ryu is left for dead, but his dragon powers revive him, so he sets off in pursuit of his friends' captors, unaware that he's about to be drawn into an ever-deepening pool of danger, deceit, and death. Like earlier BOF titles, Ryu can befriend several partners during his epic journey. Nina, the princess of Windia, makes another appearance in the series, although in this game she's apparently unrelated to her earlier incarnations. Ryu, too, shares the name of a character from the series, but he's also unrelated. However, Gobi, from the first BOF game, makes a cameo appearance. Nostalgic Graphics Graphically, BOFIII is leaps and bounds ahead of its predecessors. Texture-mapped polygons are used to create the backgrounds, terrain, and buildings, while sprites are used to compose the various characters. More animation, colors, and special effects have been added to this version, but the look of the game will still be familiar to fans of the BOF games. The three-quarter-overhead view field map can be rotated somewhat so you can peek behind obstacles, but not to any great extent. Battles are fought directly on the field map, with characters and monsters displayed diagonally in one of four directions: Two are seen from the front and two from the rear.
Solid Craftsmanship The battle system is turn-based, with some consideration given to quickness: Characters move in sequence to their speed parameter. For example, in some battles you may want to use light armor so that your character moves quicker instead of heavy armor which can slow you down. Also, certain characters have speed parameters higher than their enemies and may get extra turns while fighting. Beyond the usual manual, magic, and item attacks, characters can transform into dragons. Initially, only Ryu has the power to transform (and only when he's far into the game), but the other characters gain that power later. Transformation, though, requires crystals called Dragon Genes and AP (magic points) for the Genes chosen. By combining up to three Genes, different dragons can be created; the more Genes you use, the more powerful your dragon, though you'll use more AP. AP is also consumed at a constant pace while the dragon is in battle. Finally, you can learn monster skills for special attacks and spells. The construction of Breath Of Fire III's battle system-and of the whole game, for that matter-is very polished-thanks to excellent controls. You won't be moaning about the way this game handles. Sound Bites However, all isn't well in BOFIII. The sound effects are fine, if not particularly inspired. In battle, the characters emit rudimentary shouts, screams, and spell names, but not much more. And even though the sounds can get annoying, they're not anywhere near as badly done as the soundtrack. The music veers widely from unmemorable electronica to hopeless schmaltz, and more often than not, it doesn't add to the atmosphere of the story. The music seems more appropriate for a corporate infomercial than a heroic fantasy RPG. Aside from the inexplicably bad soundtrack, BOFIII is worth a long look from RPG fans. Although it doesn't possess the visual and aural magnificence of Final Fantasy VII (which few games will ever accomplish), Breath of Fire III holds up as a very enjoyable RPG in which sure craftsmanship is easily evident.
If anyone has played any of the Breath of Fire series, this is the best of the five.  It's the longest of them all, not to mention the most fun.  You get a freaking weretiger on your team, your main character can transform into a dragon, what's not to like?
Besides, Rei is the coolest character in anything I've ever seen.  His personality is defined so well and I related to him so much.  I swear, if he was real, we're sure to be best friends.
The character development in this game is one of the best in any RPG I've ever played.  The plot is outstanding and the twists are exquisite.  BUY THIS GAME!  You'll be glad you did.
Wow this game was awsome. i play many many rpgs including the final fantsy's and this game takes the cake. this game combines the mission adventure types with the leveling of a true rpg. Ryu is an orphan who is also a dragon, found by 2 mischievious outcasts and raised to help them. what i like about this game is that once ryu masters his dragon powers, he can find orbs that change him into different types of dragons, and if that wasn't enough, he can mix the orbs to become a stronger dragon. then adding to this game is the skills and master system. each character can learn skills and magic from monsters and on his/her own. And if u want unique skills/magic you can be trained by a master to learn new ones. and then just for good measuer, they put in time change, where in ruy turns into a dragon for 7 years pass. and some of the things u did in the past will help your future, ie. saving a princess gets you her help in the future. There are eventually 7 playable characters with each their own unique abilities. Oh 1 more thing, fishing is very important for best weapons and armor, mainly ryu so do not sell any of your fishing equiptment. I must have spent 150 hours on the game sidequests and all and im still not done. so take my word for it and buy this game.
this is an excellent game that really has some substance! the graphics are not the best and it is oversahdowed by the bigger game final fantasy VII. if FF7 was too long for you, get breath of fire 3. the story is good and the battle system is great!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
this game rocks its the best rpg ive ever played so far and trust me ive played a lot of rpgs. It goes with my top 3 list BOF3, Final Fansty 7, and Final Fansty 9. You should buy this game or rent it first but youve gotta play it. (to tell you the truth i never bought it i got it from a trade) u know what iam going to stop talking and go play it now iam a Mommo's Tower at the time.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Breath of Fire III is one of those games that can induce a trance of nostalgia upon thought.  I can say this about few games because most are powered by processors that reflect obsession with graphics and innovation.  Innovation is necessary, and appreciated, but games like BOF3 need never disappear.  It caters to the old-time gamer in all RPG veterens, delivering a simplistic save the world storyline and involving gameplay.  And what gameplay!  It's simplicity and charm will, hopefully, impress those who give it a chance because it is very deserving of credit.  Last, I must mention the fishing system.  It's incredibly addictive, simple, and enjoyable.  Nothing else could more easily describe it.  Throw in about another hundred fish and a wider variety of rods and bait, and you'd have a full game that I would have to own!  It's that good.  For everyone: whether an RPG-newbie or a hardcore veteren, you should give this game a chance.  Fun doesn't begin to describe it.
Many may disregard the Breath of Fire series as just another RPG but Capcom has done a beutiful Job with this title.  They pulled out a lot on this case.  Beutiful 2D graphics that only Capcom can do, good music, simple controls make this an excellent purchase.  Chances are you may find this at a good price somewhere so I say go for it.
With the genre monopolized by the the Final Fantasy series, it is not suprising that this game is absent from most people's top RPG list. To clarify, it is not as good as an FF game, but it is nonetheless enjoyable and fun.
The story is pretty linear, the characters are well developed, and part III offers much of the same fun that was the original BOF for the SNES (which was produced by Squaresoft, not Capcom). The only drawback is the clunky controls, which can be frustrating when you are trying to move down stairs or bend around tight corners. And while the graphics are not on par with Final Fantasy IX or Chrono Cross, this is still a great looking game.
Try it. I think you will like it.
Basically, Breath of Fire 4 stole a lot of ideas from it's predecessor, this one. It's kinda like a degraded Breath of Fire 4 actually, but still truly brilliant, and well worth buying.
"Breath of Fire 3" is a very interesting and well made game.  The plot is pretty good, and the characters are interesting and memorable.  One thing I do miss from the older "Breath of Fire" is the way they transformed into dragons; the process in the current game is excellent (I just prefer the older methods).  My favorite part of the game is that you start off playing a young version of the character, and then later in the game, you get to play a more mature version of the same character.  This game is a lot of fun and suitable for most people who enjoy the genre.
This was the only Breath of Fire game I've beaten.  But I must say that it was fun.  The story and side quests kept me going.
One of the downers was that you can't hardly change your angle.
A big thumbs up going to the fact that you don't have to change screens to get into a battle (like Chrono Trigger).  This saves lots of time and makes thing more dramatic!  Fighting in narrow hallways and thick forests was great!
I'm not going to spoil it for anyone...but the ending sucked badly.  But not enough to stop me from buying the next sequel.  ^_^
Breath Of Fire 3 is a traditional RPG with a combination of 3D and 2D graphics.  The characters are what one would expect from a BOF game. The battle layout is well done for the most part, even though the loading time for some commands is just horrible.  The Masters system is a cool idea, as you can shape your characters into any class you want by apprenticing them to the right master.  The feature that keeps BOF 3 from reaching classic status is the story.  It starts out interesting, but about halfway through the game it seems to lose it's purpose.  Another annoying aspect is the desert area near the end of the game. The directions they give you are vague and confusing.  Worst of all however, is after all the long hours you put into playing the game, the ending is short and stale. If you are a seasoned RPG fan and have played through all of the other RPGs for Playstation, BOF 3 will keep you busy until the next big hit arrives.  If you hate puzzles and long loading times however, Breath Of Fire 3 may not be your game.
Ok, you read my title and you're thinking "He can't be serious!" Well, I am. This game is just simply fantastic. Everything about it. The story is great, the anime style graphics are a good touch, the music is beatiful, and to top it all off, they left in the original Japanese voices instead of replacing them with bad English dubs! Way to go Capcom! Anyway this game is pretty much your standard, traditional rpg, which is one reason I like it so much. Most rpgs today, just don't interest me. I now find myself playing alot of fighting games, something I never did like, and actually enjoying them just because of lack of rpgs. I also have to admit that I a fan of the whole Breath Of Fire Series. They are all enjoyable to play and never get boring. I still find myself occasionally digging out my SNES and playing BOF I or II. That is how good they are. I REALLY suggest this game to any fan of rpgs to at least give it a shot. Trust me, you'll LOVE it.
LOVE IT.  SIMPLY THE BEST.  LADIES THIS ONE'S FOR YOU.
In all honesty, all of the Tekken games were a blast, from one all the way to four (only on arcade as of now).  And like the others, Tekken 2 is a [kickin] game.  Comparing it to other Playstation One games, however, leaves it lacking, but at best it only loses one star.  The game play is rather slow compared to other fighting games and the players are not as agile.  The graphics are excellent compared to it's predasessors but are nothing compared to it's sequal Tekken 3, which blows both it's prequals out of the water.  Among specific complaints I have heard from avid game players are that the game is much more challenging than the others, King looks like a panzie in his shirt and tie, Kazuya is too hard to beat, and Paul's voice coupled with his lanky body size makes him seem like he's going through puberty.  Whether these are real complaints or not is up to you.  The only personal complaints I have are the time a character spends on the ground after being knocked down (a good 2-3 seconds), and how high the players jump on a high kick (enough to have a whole second of air time).  But the game's positive aspects overshadow many of it's weaknesses.  The background scenery is excellent and even comparable to Tekken 3.  The characters have history, purpose, and are varied.  The gameplay is revolutionary to it's date of release and and the character moves are well analogued according to their respected martial art.  That is what makes this a four star game. Unless you started on Tekken 3, or Tag, it will impress you.  I would definately recommend it for the very experiece.
I have nothing but good things to say about all of the games in the Tekken fighting series.  Tekken 2, the first I played, absorbed me for hours.
The premise behind the game is simple.  Tekken 2 provides a good variety of characters as well as some hidden ones which can be gained later on through gameplay.  Each character is equipped with their own personal assortment of moves and so-called 'button mashing' does not function as well here as in many other fighting games.
If you are looking for a fighting game that will retain your interest, I would suggest Tekken 2 and its followers (Tekken 3, Tag Tekken).
-Zilean
Takken 3's the one at its best in the series, But to some people just can't let go of tekken 2 because of its amophere and moments. I agree, because to me it has better characters and sub-chacters than no. 1&3. If Heihichi is avalible in tekken 2 without earning him by beating the game with a cetain character, than how come you have to earn him in tekken 3 thats something i don't understand.
I'm certainly no big expert on video games, so the professionals who appraise "Tekken 2" will have to excuse me for not finding it so outsdanding it breaks any major barriers. The multitude of characters seems to alienate them from the gamer unless he gets very much involved into it and manages to familiarize himself with everyone. About the characters, I notice a distinct lack of creativity and ideas begin to be mixed up (see King - a puma in a blue shirt and tie? Excuse me, but is there something wrong with the picture?). Special moves are often repeated between characters, and, having a little fun with it, the ones that look the best always lose. It seems sort of sluggish and trivial overall, far from the fantastic premonitions that I've heard. The game does have a number of great features: first of all, the graphics are outstanding, better than I've seen in (literally) almost all other games, probably the best, and second of all, pretty responsive controls that nevertheless manage to bring you into the game. To make a long story short, "Tekken 2" is worth buying, but don't expect a revolution.
Tekken 2 is so cool. My favorite people are Paul and Jack-2. Paul has an awesome elbow-hit-punch, but the best thing is when Jack-2...does this pro-wrestling pick you up, throw you down move. Law is the real choice for speed, but for power, Jack-2 or Paul. The gals on this game are fast! The best one is probably Nina. I wish Tekken 2 was like PC games where you can load people from newer games to older ones, because Gun Jack from Tekken 3 is so cool. He can shoot people with his gloves. That's my only complaint.
Tekken 2 it the huge sequel to the best selling fighter, Tekken, this game includes advanced fighting and secret characters to die for. Not only theat, but it had a plethera of gameshark codes to make the game easier. this game also introduced the 10 hit combo, the automatic win. Namco has done it again and they have done it with flying colors, this game is a must have for the fighting fans.
Ever since I played the demo I have wanted this game. I finally got it and realized how fun it really is. The graphics are pretty good, and the scenery is really pretty. There are lots of different moves that are fairly easy to master. But my personal favorite part is Nina. She totally rocks!
Hey are you looking for a good fighter go ahead and buy it.  This game is really something.  First I will talk on playability
this game is really fun and not the hardest game to beat, it's actually pretty easy if thats the difficulty level you put it on.  this game is cool there are sevrel moves that you can do and most are fairley simple if you practice them a few times.  This game is the best after you playit a few times it gets even better also if you know the story line in the manual that makes it better as well.  You get 8 guys to choose from and every time you beat the game with one of them you get a secret or new guy.  the game is really great ....
  The graphics are shaky and thats becouse it's an old game.  It looks like they are composed of sevral plates esspecialy on jack-2.  The game contains buitiful scenimatic or fmv scenes like the beggining intro and the scenes when you beat the game
  Just buy it it's really cheap and really fun.
This is my family,s favorite fighting game. From my six year old daughter on up to my 10yr. old son they love this game.  The graphics along with the sounds and moves are excellent also, there is a great character selection to choose from.
very nice
Works perfect for a used old PlayStation game
a+
I like this game . I love fight games!
Awesome, love it.
Amazing!!! Mint Condition!!
It is extremely fun but hard.
This is one of the best fighting games of all time! Definitely a timeless classic 1 2 and 3 are by far the best in the series!
This was the very 2nd one I played,part 3 as the 1st. Its nice seeing the younger versions of the characters and the events leading up to Tekken 7. Yes,SEVEN IS YET TO ARRIVE as of this review!!! Anyway....Easy mode is still hard by the time you reach the 7th fighter. The music is awesome especially King's. You can set the music to Arranged or Arcade. A great set of moves to learn so hop to it and buy it.
They gave me an EMPTY case... no game.
ok
Have been looking for this game forever!
great
The game will occasionally play and when it does the audio track skips through almost every fight. Rather obnoxious.
duh
what is there to say. this game has everything you want in a fighting game! plenty of characters to choose from and the gameplay is top notch for a ps1 game. definitely one of my favorites!
I remember Tekken 2 being one of my first fighting games I have ever played, and one that I kept coming back to. It wasn't just the nostalgia that kept me coming back, but the overall gameplay as well. Almost everything about this game was done right, and there is very little to complain about.

Tekken 2 takes place 2 years after the events of the first Tekken. The plot isn't very well developed and isn't really involving, but everything else more than makes up for it. The graphics (for the time) were amazing and the animations were also nicely done. The roster includes 24 characters who are all unique and feel very well balanced. The game is very accessible and almost anyone can pick up this game and get a pretty decent grasp on it. The controls are simple and intuitive, and I always believed that this control scheme (each button controls a limb-ex. left punch, right punch) is one of the best for fighting games.

For modes, you have your basic arcade mode which you complete to unlock new characters. You also have a vs. mode, a team battle mode (which is very enjoyable), a survival mode, a time attack mode, and a practice mode. All of these modes offer allot of replayability as it is easy to dump countless hours into any of these modes.

The combat system is still excellent to this day. The amount of combos that each character can do is pretty substantial and you will discover new moves without being too overwhelmed. There also aren't really any cheap tactics unlike some of the more recent iterations of tekken (such as excessive juggling).

Overall, this game is one of the best fighting games that I have ever played. With plenty of characters to learn, plenty of modes to choose from, amazing looking backgrounds, and a terriffic combat system, there is no reason to skip this game. If you still have a ps1/ps2, BUY THIS GAME. I recommend this game wholeheartedly, and you won't regret it at all.
It is a popular fighting game. I like the characters of Paul Phoenix, Marshall Law, Jack 2, Roger, and Michelle Chang.
Thank you.........Wonderful....and Trusting product and seller. Recommend. Word Word word word word word so many words required almost done.......and done
I had to give this 5 stars, this is a classic. I had just gotten into videogames when I started playing this game and it's so much fun to play. If you're competitive this is your game. Other games have come out since this one but this is one of the best. I would recommend this game to any gamer who wants a classic game.
I bought this because i enjoy fighting games. But the controls are so hard. If it used analog control it would be a lot easier. But overall its an o.k game!
To me, Tekken was the start of a new fighting game genre. It's Arcade style and it's need of strategic moves was a definition for the PlayStation Console, and it made itself high on the lists of wanted games back then.

Now in 1996, we have Tekken 2. This set the game even more higher on the charts than before. With awesome characters like King in the game plus more to unlock, including the bosses, this game will keep you playing for a long time. If you can.

The difficulty in this game is definitely noticed after the first two or three fighters, and from there it just gets harder. Luckily, Namco included a new Practice mode, which definitely helps. It also tells you all the commands your character(s) can do and what buttons you previously pressed.

What else is great? No quarters needed! Unlimited Continues!
The only trouble I got from this game was that my Wireless controllers would not work unless I put it in the P1 port instead of P2 port.
Aside from that, this is great and you need to get it now.
i haven't played this game since i was 5 and playing it again for the first time in 11 years i got the biggest wave of nostalgia. i forgot how slow and unreactive the controls were back then haha, not to mention the graphics. not a single circle, only polygons. still a great game though, i highly recommend it
This is definitely one of my favorite games of all time. It Brings back so many memories that it makes it even mor fun to play. The game itself was in mint condition which was extremely impressive. Going as I call it "old school" when I bought that game(along with SoulBlade), has just branded a permanent great memory of whn deo games were starting to get really popular. I am NEVER getting rid of this game, and if it wasn't for this game, they wouldn't hve one of the biggest franchises in the gaming world. I am so grateful to have this game once again and will always love it.
It is so great to be playing this game again. I remember playing this when I was a kid. So many good times with this game!
Though this review may be 14 years 2 late,n my opinion TK2 is the best of the PS1 Tekken games. From the cool fmv intro 2 the ending credits TK2 is by far the best looking/sounding 3D fighting game on the ps1 console. TK3 backgrounds,music,fmv cinemas,light source shading,animations/combos just doesn't measure 2 the standards set by this 1996 classic and it was release 2 years later,go figure!
The sequel to the very popular Tekken, Tekken 2 takes everything that the original had and expands upon it. More characters, more levels, more moves, Tekken 2 is a classic and should be in the library of any fighting game lover.

The combat in Tekken is one of best ever. There are so many possible combinations, it's almost impossible to remember them all. Each Tekken gets better and better. Another thing I love about this game is the music. It suits the stages, and characters, well.
Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own. This sequal is too good to miss out on. Buy it before it's gone for good.
Tekken has become my favorite fighting game series and a lot of that has to do with the introduction of "Lei Wulong".  I feel that Lei is the best character that the series has produced to this day.  Many call him a "cheese character" but it's not easy being cheesy  ;-)
Same goes for Tekken 2: played but never owned. Now that I'm officially the best Tekken player period, the urge to own all of them, even the first 2, just consumed me....
the cd worked for about 4 days and then...BAM!! it was skipping like crazy, it froze wen i picked Jack-2 or Kunimitsu,and now it won't come on at all. IT WAS A PRETTY CRAPPY COPY
Well, I just recently bought this game again, after finding it broken from unkown causes quite a few years ago. People keep on saying, "Tekken 2 has HORRIBLE graphics and the gameplay is horrible!", To those people, did you ever think that this game came out during the 90's and was probably awesome graphics back then? If you're a fan of good fighting games, I reccomend this. It has lots of characters, fair graphics, and is a good collectible for your Tekken collection.
This is definitely the best of the Tekken series. No, not Tekken 4! Tekken 2. Everything in this game is awesome. The levels, the music score, and obvioulsy, the characters. If you want to save some doe, get this used for under $10 instead of Tekken 4, or Tekken 5 (which is coming soon and I plan on getting.) If you don't have it and you love fighting games, get it now! 10/10
THIS GAME WAS A VERY GOOD GAME. BUT THIS AIN'T AS GOOD AS TEKKEN 1. LIKE ITS PREDECESSOR, HAS GREAT GRAPHICS, GREAT LOOKING MOVES, AND GREAT BOSSES TO UNLOCK, WHICH GIVES YOU A REASON TO WANNA WIN THE GAME WITH EVERY CHARACTER. THE MUSIC IS GREAT HERE TOO. THIS IS A DEFINITE GEM. GET THIS AND ITS PREDECESSOR FOR THE ULTIMATE GAMING EXPERIENCE!!
From the cool first cutcene to the classic music that plays while picking a character, you know this is special.
Don't just button mash, learn the combos because this is the only game(out of 100)that has made me curs at the TV. If you're a beginner, start of with someone with fast kicks like marchial Law and not Jack 2. BUY THIS because it's an ABSOLUTE CLASSIC.
What really exites me about this game is the way the music is put together, i mean the music is very well coordinated and the sound effects and movement are very smooth. I would have to say that my favorite arena on this game is yoshimitsiu's forest level then kazuya's mirror domain. all in all the backgrounds and graphics are the best you can get for a psx game. Also this game delivers a somewhat sadness to it and the environments of the game prove it. This would have to be my most favored tekken game ever.
all i can say is that this game is a classic, possibly the best game ever made for the playstation 1.
I'M JUST LOVE THIS GAME (x-men vs streetfighter) ,i'm crazy in it.
this game will blow your mind.....it has all your favourite xmen and streetfighter characters..with their best attack,combos you name it!!
it's a great game, it has some of the classic street fighters and you favorite x-men. it's a lot better in the arcade. but if you're a fighting game freak, it's a must have! .i give XMvsSF four stars out of five! if you do like this game i recommend you to get "marvel super heroes vs street fighter" it has different fighters and good colors. it's kinda an update on XMvsSF so if you don't have any of these games you should just go ahead and get MSHvsSF unless you have to get every street fighter related game like me!
THIS GAME WOULD BE THE BOMB BECAUSE I HAVE PLAYED IT BEFORE, EVEN
THOUGH YOU CANT CHANGE THE CHARACTERS YOU CAN HAVE LOTS OF FUN
ON YOUR OWN OR WITH YOUR FRIENDS.I HAVE TWO OTHER GAMES JUST LIKE
THIS ONE. FOR INSTANCE {MARVEL SUPER HEROES VS STREETFIGHTER}ITS
JUST THE SAME THING AS {X-MEN VS STREETFIGHTER}AND ALSO
{MARVEL VS CAPCOM} SO WHO CARES IF ITS NOT GOOD AT LEAST
ITS JUST ALMOST THE SAME THING YOU PLAY IN THE ARCADE.
HERE IS A TIP FOR YOU PEOPLE. WHEN YOU FINISH A MATCH WITH YOUR
CHARACTER IF YOU WANT YOUR OTHER CHARACTER HOLD THE THREE PUNCH
BUTTONS RIGHT AWAY OR YOU WONT GET HIM/HER AND HOLD THEM DOWN
UNTILL YOUR OTHER MATCH STARTS.
This game kicks. I played games similar to it in the arcades and I knew I had to play it. It's fun doing special combos on the enemy. If you like X-MEN or Street Fghter then you'll love this game alot. The attacks look really cool, even though it lacks in graphics. The game has all the origonal characters from X-MEN and Street Fighter. You should really buy this game.
this game is great for street fighter and x-men fans.the combos are realy awsome and whene you do a counter move your partner jumps in and does his with you too.this game has original favorites like Ryu,Akuma,Wolveren,and much much more even though the but the super combos are a way off because of that cut screen that comes out when you do a super combo' witch i think is dull, the animation is a 8.5 but the game play is 4.7,  they shouldn't have taken the team tag witch was a major point in the arcade version, next time see ya later.
this game .... there is no switching between characters, the game is plagued with slowdown, and the animations are hacked.... do not get it,it is not worth it, you will just be dissapointed.
It's in perfect working condition just wish it had the original case but it works good good god good good
i love ryu i love wolverine, ryu invented the fire ball not goku, goku who? you could suuuuper juuump and throoow fire balls fire balls bring out your second character fire power
I personally like many types of fighting games and FUN is the thing that keeps me coming back for more.  A game can have pretty graphics sound great, and have all the bells and whistles in the world and still play like [...].  This game might not be as pretty as the Saturn version, but who wants a Saturn? One of the biggest flops since the future flop of Sony's [...]PS3.  A few frames missing and slowdown which I have not experienced personally are by no means reasons to dismiss a game that combines X-men with Streetfighter very well.  One more thing to mention about the price.  Not to insult anyones intelligence but simply supply and demand. It is discontinued, there are fewer and fewer copies available thus causing those on the open market to raise in value.
To say that the PS1 version of Capcom's X-Men VS Street Fighter is butchered is saying it lightly.  What made the game so great in arcades was the tag-team feature in which you picked two fighters and could switch at any time during the fight.  This feature made for great fighting fun, but because of the PS1's RAM inabilities, that feature had to be omitted.  It's obvious Capcom released this game to make a quick buck on the X-Men and Street Fighter licenses, and while on it's own it can be a solid fighter without the tag-team feature, the graphics are painfully watered down, the game is loaded with sloppy frame rates, and there is loads of slowdown.  If you can get past all that, this may be worth checking out if your a Street Fighter fan, but the Marvel VS Capcom games that would be released later on next-gen systems are more worth your time.
this game is awesome,i only played it in arcade and i loved it in fact i past it with one quater(since i'm the best ryu user alive).buy the game and when you have it choose ryu and ken(since this game as a 2 on 2 fighting action,that's awesome)they have the best combo ever,ryu knees down and ken is standing up,they both use this huge "aduken" that covers the whole screen,its like 52 hits and you only used 1 level(for those who know about the level attacks).the game has good graphics,great backround(3D)you can jump like 20 feet into the air and do some 40something hits,so if you're a begginer at this buy and try it out(i know there no one out there with no experience whatsoever with street fighter or x-men but you never know).good game buy it. God bless you,be good and accept Jesus as your saviour(amen),Jesus rocks.
I actually played the Saturn version with the 4MB RAM cart, and I have to say that the PS1 version SUCKS! Why? Because tag-team was taken out because the PS1 could not handle it. It did not have enough RAM (Random Access Memory) to switch fighters since it takes about at least 40 MB of RAM, and the PS1 only has 32 MB.  If Capcom did put in tag-team, then it would take forever to load up a character once you tag-team with it, you can tag-team with the same character, but it does not feel the same.
 I suggest get a Saturn, (it is only $10 bucks or less) get a 4MB RAM cart which you can find at EB.com, or any Video game store, and get the Import version of X-men vs. Street Fighter, trust me you won't be disappointed.
When a system is incapable of doing justice to a game, one would think a company would be smart enough to not release the game on that system. But for reasons that are probably based entirely around making money, Capcom has released a completely butchered version of its arcade fighter, X-Men vs. Street Fighter, on the PlayStation. The only thing added to the game is super cancels, which allow you to string multiple super combos together. Super cancels were lifted out of Street Fighter EX without much forethought, so some characters' cancels work better than others. In fact, the entire game seems to have been designed without much forethought. Even if this were a perfect translation of the arcade game, the simple fact remains that X-Men vs. Street Fighter is a terrible, unbalanced, pound-on-buttons-at-random-and-win-anyway fighting game. One of the few things the arcade version (and the Saturn version, which was an arcade-perfect translation) had going for it was the graphics. They weren't spectacular, but the characters were large, colorful, and used a lot of frames of animation. The PlayStation, a fairly weak machine when it comes to 2D, simply can't handle that much data. So Capcom chopped out tons of frames (Juggernaut does a whole lot of standing still, and his attacks are about two frames). The graphics look very washed out, and there is a completely unacceptable amount of slowdown. Ken's Shinryuken super combo had most of the frames chopped out, and it still slows the game down to a crawl. The slowdown and missing frames are so bad and so noticeable that they have a detrimental effect on the already bad gameplay. The arcade version's big selling point was that you picked two characters and could tag-team between the two at any time during the fight. Your teammate would also come out and help in a two-level team attack, as well as in Alpha counter-style attacks. Since duplicating this on the PlayStation would require keeping four entire sets of animations in memory, the tag feature has been completely removed. You still pick a second character (cruelly taunting players expecting the full functionality of the arcade version), but he only makes his presence felt during the team attacks and counters. To make up for the shortened play time, the one-round battles of the arcade have been extended to the standard two-out-of-three format. Characters also slowly regain life, much like your backup character would in the arcade. This game just shouldn't exist. At some point in the development cycle, someone should have stepped in, seen that the PlayStation simply couldn't do justice to the original game, and pulled the plug. It took an additional 4MB of RAM to get the Saturn, which already has more RAM than the PlayStation, to run a perfect version of the game. I like the Street Fighter series as much as the next guy, but this is taking it way too far.
This game is hard cause Akuma and Wolverine is on there. They are my best two characters to choose from next to Ken and Ryu. It's cool, but the graphics [are bad]on here. Like, when you do a hyper combo, the graphics go on a blur for a few seconds or however long the combos lasts. But still, get this game cause it's so tight. If you pick Akuma or Wolverine as your first character, start off with some air combos then you'll have the advantage.
I wasent as inpressed with this game as I thought I would be.  First of all, the load times are forever.  Second,  this game has cartoon graphics.  Theird,  I hate the street fighters in this game. Forth, I love the x-men (they are absolutly fabulus).
ok, so this obviously isn't the game for the hard core Street fighter fans, or even the folks that frequent the arcade.  Does this mean it's a bad game?  Not by a long shot!  This game used to provide me and my friend hours and hours of entertainment.  We would play all Sunday afternoon... "I'll get you next time!"  No, it's not as precise, nope, no switching characters, graphics can't compare to the arcade... and if that's what you want you probably shouldn't buy it.  But it -is- simpler than many of the games of this type (you might get lucky and suddenly evoke a combination), if you haven't played it at the arcade regularly you won't miss the second character, is pretty easy for a kid to get the hang of (I'm buying a new copy to continue the Sunday afternoon gaming with my 7 year old) and it's fun!
This Game  Is sort Of good but it needs some work with the graphics,sometimes when you go in a corner  you get messed up for example it is hard to fight bad guys  because you cant see them if you go in to a corner. But the game is really hard. But the really cool part about this game is  jumping off a building and start to glide.
Well here I am. Making a review of a game made in the mid 90s in this year, 2011. What can i say? This bring backs amazing memories.

I could remember the time i went to the arcade with a friend, I found this game and i just HAD to play it. The graphics were weak in the arcade, but then they had it on ps1, which the graphics are much better.  I won't say this is the best game i ever played, but hey, it's not fair comparing a 90s game to a current. SO let's just put it this way because I'm bored.

Graphics: 4.5
Sounds: 4.8
Controlls: 5.0
Replay Value: 4.8
length: 3.5
Overall: 4.5

I'll recommend this to anyone who's enjoying classic games or is a street fighter fan,,, or to anyone who likes fighting games.

- A noob
I got this game awhile ago, when i was still 5. I enjoyed fighting games since i was young, and I still am ^^. i'm like twelve LOL. It has ALRIGHT graphics, but hey. Its made in 1997. If you're a true classical gamer, or just a hardcore fighters fan, or maybe even just someone looking for a good fighting game, go ahead. get your a$$ out there in a flea market, pawn, or just from amazon, spend a few bucks on this. The gameplay is VERY good, and it made Tekken into shame. Tekken was really good, until i tried StreetFighter. It has 23 characters. It includes: Ryu, Ken,(what's streetfighter without those two?), Chun-li, Akuma, MANY MANY MORE. It's a good street fighter, I'd liek this one the best. I recomend street fighter 4, graphic wise though... This one has good gameplay, and a fighting system. It's made up of simple kicks and punches. WAIT WAIT WAIT! don't go yet! though it has simple fighting moves, each character has there own style in it. theres also 3-6 special moves for each character, and 2-3 super combos. For streetfighter, hey. 15 combos are pretty good.
The game was brand new and brought back memories of being a teenager. This was one of my favorite games when it first came out and I remember playing it in the arcade and at home about a million times! I'm glad some one had the foresight to keep it around and I was very pleased with the price.
This installment of Street Fighter i believe to be one of the best.
What makes it special is the ability to perform long combos that start with simple moves.  In the beginning this may seem difficult but the game provides a fun and addictive practice mode that walks you through these combos with each character.

Whats so nice about this practice mode is that it saves your progress and unlocks the best characters in the game.  Once Evil Ryu and Super M.Bison are unlocked you would have done enough challenges to be proficient with every character and be able to smash computer and opponent alike.

This is just a fun and great all around set up For the street fighter series.
Welcome to street fighter in 3-D, Great concept right? On the plus side the game is done fairly well, balanced, decent animation & graphics. New characters are nowhere near as memoriable as the older Street Fighters, many are just flat out ripoffs... (Pullim is basically Cammy but black & dressed like a genie)1/2 the cast plays like Ryu. 1/2! Allen, Akuma, Sakura, Ken, Evil Ryu, Kairi,Shin Akuma... Enough is enough. Still it is worth a rent if you like Street Fighter.
That's right you heard it folks.  I've been playing this game on and off for years since it's arcade appearance, and I beat this game down in the arcade.  I have to say it's the most entertaining 3d fighter out there (street fighter alpha 3 is it's equal but in different ways).  This game makes you form strategies that have to be decided upon and changed within a split second.  Although it being a slower paced game than other SF, the extra time allots you space to form countermeasures against your foe.  Like I said before, this game is more like intense chess than a fighting game.  The controls are customizable and intuitive.  You don't want a novel to tell you how to play a game and this beats the rest with replayability up the ying yang.  Due to unfortunate circumstances I'm about to buy another copy, (for the third time mind you).  You want a great fighting game that doesn't lose its touch, this is it.
Street Fighter EX Plus Alpha is an update of the original arcade game, Street Fighter EX, which had weaker graphics, fewer characters, and of course no extras, being an arcade game. The arcade version of this game shared the same problem, but the PS version is probably one of the more addictive fighting games I've played. At first glance the game is simple and reasonably easy to defeat on normal difficulty level. The plot thickens, though, when the practice mode (where I finally learned how to do a screwdriver) is taken into account, along with the multitude of characters and hidden bosses. Admittedly, some of the new characters are pretty lame, but they all have distinct fighting techniques, timing and drawbacks. And of course, some of them are wicked cool (Doctrine Dark and Garuda come to mind). For the record, this game probably has the best rendition of M. Bison I've ever seen (he appears and sounds just the right mix of powerful and disdainful. His kick throw is still one of my favorite impossible video game throw techniques=)). Then, there's the music; I've spent many hours just listening to the inspired soundtrack. Synthesizer-dominated or not, something about it just made it stand out from the crowd (Guile's music is probably my favorite). That's not even getting into the Meteor combos, combo chaining, throw system (with specific characters), and the missions used in the training mode to teach basic and advanced Street Fighter skills. The only sore point is the graphics. This game is old, old, old! I think it came out in the late 90s, and there have since been two graphically superior sequels. Somehow, the gameplay was never the same. Ex2 took the combo thing a little too far, and three...well, let's just say that game is not my cup of tea. This is a great older game, if you can withstand the graphics, but I suspect I won't mind them too much. Props to Arika for trying something different! Especially now that Capcom has canceled the 3d Capcom Fighting All Stars...and I was so looking forward to see what they would do with Strider! Cheers...=)
From all the fighting video games around Street Fighter has always been the mother of all. From it's beginning it has been a game who deserves admiration and if it did good as a 2D game it did way better as 3D.This game gives us the opportunity to enjoy SF even more with a lot new things such as great graphic,combos that will blow your mind,lots of new options and lots of characters to chose from. It brings us a whole new SF with the same stuffs we like. Old characters in their 3D version which is just perfect and a whole new cast all with their uniques techniques. This game has new options never seen before in any other SF game. The arcade,versus,Team,ect,modes are all new and better. This game offers you a great deal of exitement as you spend more time playing it. By far,one of the most revolutionary and why not controversial among fans from all the SF games. Buy it,play it for 2 or 4 hours and I guarantee you this game got nothing to envy other SF games.
(...) when I first playd this game I thought it whas going to be just
another fightin game. But when I saw those 3D afectes it was mad
phat!!!.Man coudent stop playing the game. I graded this game 5
out of 5 becous I like the 3D afectes and the grate music.
(sory I cant type)
Ok, ok. I don't LOVE the game. But still it didn't stop me from getting a 5 disc score. I suggest if you're new to the series, keep in mind you'll be shooting a majority of animals, not humans, to any hardcore Metal Gear Solid people. Well to start things off Lara goes to Peru, Incan Ruins, Egypt, and even Atlantis in search of an item called the scion. Whilst blasting the occasional wolf or lion into oblivion, I must admit that the levels can be annoying once you practically searched every crevice, hallway, etc. for the switch to your exit and that I had to use the level skip code more than once. But, what the hell. It's a great game. No mistake.
I'm going to fly in the face of convention wisdom and assert that Tomb Raider is not a good game. I like the concept, the puzzle solving and exploration. I like that it's a great diversion from the standard shoot-em up. The problem is with the tedious game play. The game is tough, just from the mental standpoint and it takes some effort to figure out what you're supposed to be doing in each level. But that's part of the fun, figuring things out. Unfortunately, it's moving through the levels and getting from point A to point B that is problematic. There are way too many places where you have to make a pinpoint precision jump or other move with absolutely NO margin for error. In some cases this means you fall somewhere and have to climb back to your starting point, or in some cases you die, meaning you have to start the whole level over again. And after trying one of these jumps over and over and over, you finally get frustrated and give up. There were instances where I tried a jump over and over, and then suddenly made the jump and had no idea what I had done differently from the previous numerous attempts. For any game to be that touchy is just a disgrace. It's too bad, I think I could have liked this game but the tedious pinpoint controller movements ulitmately ruined the game for me. I know it's one of PSX "greatest hits" and very popular, but if don't like tedious games, you'll want to avoid this one.
Ive had Tomb raider since July and this game is off the meters!! When I first played it, I was frustrated with the controls, but once u learn them, this game is the best!!! The worlds are long and puzzling, but its never too hard to finish. The action and suspense make u feel like its a movie. I reccomend this to anybody who likes action or 007 fans like me. You WILL love it, trust me.
TOMB RAIDER is the game that got me hooked on Playstation, and remains my absolute favorite. Like an interactive Indiana Jones movie, the game's a non-stop thrill-ride of deadly traps, dangerous animals, and wondrous sights. Unlike most action games, the protagonist is female, making TOMB RAIDER a suprisingly girl-friendly game. If you're still wondering what all the fuss is about, start here . . .
Tomb Raider is easily one of the greatest games you could buy for the sony playstation. This game introduced me to the world of 3-D gaming. I remember the first time I played it and being in awe of the graphics and gameplay. The sense of the location's space and dimension in which you play in was remarkable for it's time (the sequels have since improved on these features, if not in atmosphere and story). What makes me enjoy this game more than any of the sequels is it's atmosphere and locales. You the player must guide Lara Croft -archeologist/adventurer extraordinaire, through dark caves, ancient tombs and temples and palaces in search of the fabled Atlantean Scion. Hot on your tail are Natla and her squad of goons who wish to obtain the scion for their own nefarious reasons. Locations include Peru, where you will traverse through the ancient city of Vilcabamba and a lost valley of Dinosaurs, The ancient ruins of Greco-Roman temples and collosseums, an Ancient Egyptian city complete with sphynxes and traps galore, and finally the lost continent of Atlantis inhabited by nightmarish creatures. This is a game in which you can immerse yourself in for days on end. I highly recommend it.
Lara Croft, a British icon rapidly coming on a par with James Bond, is the star of this sassy and imaginative 3D-platformer that was launched more than few years ago now. Originally a replacement for Indiana Jones (Lucasfilm turned down Eidos' approach with the idea) Lara has blossomed into a cult star in her own right.
What was a secondary idea has been proven now to be a slick marketing move. Every girl wants to be like Lara, male gamers want to protect her as they guide her on her way. Lara's appeal is universal. In the game, Lara is the "Tomb Raider", an adventurer-cum-archaeologist who searches out ancient artifacts whilst running a gauntlet of rivals, assorted wild beasties and deadly opposition.
The locales she adventures through here are Peru, ancient Greece/Rome, Egypt and an Atlantean island in search of the tripartite Atlantean Scion. Lara is the most smoothly animated character in 3D adventure-gaming and she gets better in the sequels. She can jog, jump, climb and swallow-dive without looking in any way incontinent (unlike others) and she has a nice array of weapons to choose from, including her John Woo-inspired two handguns which come as standard.
The action is cinematic and continuous, your very own adventure indeed. Spending a few hours in Lara's company is well worth it. Highly recommended, even to those who don't normally play video games because they're supposedly for kids alone.
And now that Angelina Jolie will play her in the movie, it's official. I'm a woman saying this - she rocks! A great game. Smart and full of action.
This is the best game I have yet to play.  It took me six months to finally defeat,figure out and fight my way to the end of this game.  This game was like a very suspenseful movie that I was controlling. Many times in the game I was actually sweating from fear. You don,t know what,s waiting for you around each corner, waiting to jump out at you and scare the crap out of you. Even my family and onlookers were startled or to afraid to play this game because of the  realism captured in enormous worlds and creepy CD sounds.
This game realeased in 1997 (I think), was the first in the Klonoa series (which includles a few more games in Japan), and was defenently a "sleeper-masterpeice" for PSone. This game however feels a little bit different than the other games in this series, though I'm not excatly sure why. I think the main reasons it feels so different are: the graphics, the story line, the music, and the character differnces. Graphicaly wise, you can tell it's older, but the graphics have a certain charm to them. The few out-of-engine motion scenes though, are magnificent! However, the graphic style is drasticaly different from it's sequels. The plot is overall, a little more "classic fantasyish" and feels kinda like something you might read in a book (which is probably what they were aiming at since it has a "book theme"). It has a bit of a melancholy feel to it; which makes it feel slightly more intense than it's sequals. Actually, I think it's the best story of any of the Klonoa games. As for the ending, I loved it! Sad and moving without being overly sad. I think it's my favorite vidoe game ending! The BGM is a different style than Lunatea's Veil also, (It's PS2 sequal) less solemn and RPG like, and a little more lively, or something, not really sure what the word is, it fits the game well. What I mean by character differneces is that it has no familiar characters other than Klonoa and Huepow. Klonoa, however, is quite different than in his sequels. Dispite these differences, the gameplay is practicaly clone-copy of the others in the series, esspecial Lunatea's Veil. From what I have heard, many people that played this were dissapointed with the sequel. I think that it was probably because they were used to this style and didn't give it much of a chance (personaly, I was dissapointed with THIS game at first, then started to really like it after I got used to it). Anyway, bottom line is, that if you've played all the other Klonoa games, expect this one to be a little different, but defenently get it, if you enjoyed the others, you'll enjoy this! If you haven't played any of the other games in this great series, it's based on engaging gameplay with simplistic controls. This game is one of the few "2.5D" games in existance. It plays parellel to a 2D game (people still hanging onto their old copies of Sonic the Hedgehog 2 or Mario Bros. should try this). In this game, however, you are in a 3D environment (don't worry, the paths are clearly defined, you won't have any trouble figuring out where you can and can't go). You can interact with the background by throwing things into it, this is esspecially key in some bosses, This is the 2.5D part. There are 12 levels (not counting the final boss)in this game, plus an unlockable time attack level. This game is pretty easy, and if your looking for an extreamly hard, nail biting, challenge, this probably isn't for you. This is more of a fun, relaxing game. However, I love this game, and recommend it to all who own a Playstation!
Klonoa: Door to Phantomile is a must have for any gamer. The first time that i rented a Playstation from a video store, i rented this game with it. I didn't get too far when i rented it, but i liked it so much that i went back to the video store 4 years later and bought it off of them. The graphics are astounding, the gameplay is easy to learn but the difficulty level gets progressively harder as the game goes on. To sum it up, no matter what the price is, buy this game... you won't regret it.
-ArrowE
The Mine of Lights: A Klonoa Fansite - ...
It's been 4 years since I started this game. I have played several others, and I have yet to see one that beats the original Klonoa. First off, The music is WONDERFUL! It defiantly sets the mood of the level, weather it be fun, frightening, or wierd. The characters: Who can forget Klonoa? The jibberish speaking cat! Huepow, the ring spirit, and Klonoa's sidekick, Gadius, the evil...thing, and Lephise, the Diva who sings the song of rebirth (and several others). The graphics: Awesome! Beautiful! Spectacular! Overall: The best Game I've ever played. so what are you waiting for? Lupuloodoo! (Lets Go!)
I loved this game . The graphics were BEAUTIFUL!!! And how could you get a more cuter creature than Klonoa. The gameplay is awesome! And the graphics are too:)Iwould definetly reccomend this game to Video Game LOVERS:):):):):)
This game is amazing! It's graphics, storyline, and even the sad ending... I juz love it!! It's worth the wait, but I'll definitely buy Klonoa 2 too! The graphics is really amazing... and I played it 7 times! Juz can't imagine what they can come out with in the PS2 machine. I think it's better than Final Fantasy...
Klonoa came out in 97' and unfortunately, it didn't get the attention it deserved. However for those who have played the game, this is considered a classic platformer. The graphics are off the hook and is very simple yet fun. .... ...wait for Klonoa 2, its definitely a must-have for your PS2 collection.
Went back and played this again.
Good but it has aged badly.
The best Tomb Raider game. Even when compared to the newer games. Lost count to how many times I've played through this. A classic that every gamer should experience. If you haven't played it you aren't a hardcore gamer.
It is a great game with a good storyline, but the controls are not to my liking but to others it probably is. I still recommend it though
I have no problems with this game but the graphics are bad. This is the very first Tombraider game after all. I love this game though. All the levels and enemies are challenging. Even though I beat this game, I still love playing it. A++ 
This is the best Tomb Raider along with the 2nd one. Graphics are actually still all right now 20 years later. Buy this on here or on psn, its a wonderful game from a simpler time. Reminds me of my youth when we didn't have video walkthroughs.
Thanks
a+
Got the game quick and very happy with it.
REALLY good disc. The disc came within a week of my purchase and is extremely well taken care of. Although I didn't get the actual Tomb Raider PS1 case (I already have the case anyways so) the fact that I received the COLLECTOR'S EDITION  instead of the regualr Tomb Raider, makes up for it greatly. Great game, good quality, low price.
I remember playing this game on the computer as a kid. Tomb Raider will always remain as my favourite out of the TR series. This game has numerous levels, which I absolutely love. Some of them are challenging and interesting. I think one of my favourite levels was St. Francis' Folley. I loved going into the different rooms. Each room based off of Greek Mythology. Have the game for my ps2 which is great. The controls are a little bit weird at first, but you do pick it up. This is the game that basically got me started into gaming. If you love the Tomb Raider series, you have to play the original Tomb Raider game.
This is an amazing oringal game that I purely enjoyed playing. The storyline is so original for its time and its graphics are amazing on wide screen tv's. In the game, you are Lara Croft, a tomb raider and have been given another opportunity to explore more for artifacts in Peru by Jacalene Natla, a millionaire investor who holds a dark secret. You soon realize she is not what she claims and you do undercover research and she betrays you. You travel thru the dark cold and abandoned caves of peru, ancient underground Greece, the catacombs of Egypt & Atlantis all to find 3 pieces of the scion for which Natla asked her to get, all while blasting out animals and creatures you wouldn't expect and collect secrets along the way. This is a great game that had a greater sequal. But this is my favorite out of the series. Original playstion graphics, great music and sound affects and great storyline!
